Mike: That's,
Mike: I… let me just start some music…
Mike: I might have to just step away for 3 minutes.
Mike: An inopportune time shortly after we start, just to light Hanukkah candles.
Mike: But… Yeah.
Mike: And… Computer audio…
Audio shared by Mike: Can you guys hear the music?
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Audio shared by Mike: So, can every… so… You've just… Fallen down this tunnel.
Audio shared by Mike: Into a… although, actually, wait, it's dark.
Audio shared by Mike: Except somebody who, like… Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Drain has a light spell on an arrow, and Justice has a light spell… oh, maybe… no, cause…
Audio shared by Mike: Kalima is hiding in the illusion, so would have passed off the light spell, one presumes. Yeah. So, I guess Justice has the light. You can see some here. So, everybody's slid down into this space, and there's this beast here.
Audio shared by Mike: I don't see anything, Mike. It says, wait for your DM to start the game session.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, how about that?
Audio shared by Mike: The object…
Eric Rosenbaum: Just reload.
Audio shared by Mike: No, no, no, there's a big button called Start Session. Giant red button on the bottom of the screen called Start Session, which I failed to press.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ugh.
Audio shared by Mike: That was not a UI issue with D&D Beyond.
Audio shared by Mike: So you should be able to move where you are, everybody, so this is, like… This.
Tim Sackton: Where's YOLO? Because I'm riding on YOLO's back.
Audio shared by Mike: This area down here is snow. You came… this at the top is the black slide where you came down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I don't see my…
Tim Sackton: Mike, you have to put YOLO out. Oh, where is…
Audio shared by Mike: I don't… sorry, Eric, I forgot you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, they're in.
Eric Rosenbaum: There I am.
Tim Sackton: So, the one annoying… one annoying thing about this is I can't resize myself.
Mike: Could be small.
Tim Sackton: be small.
Tim Sackton: I'm riding on Yolo's back.
Tim Sackton: Great. So wherever you are, that's where I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: error.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thoughtfully going directly into the mouths of danger.
Tim Sackton: Of course you are. Why am I on your back instead of Echo's back?
Mike: I'll burn.
Mike: Wait.
Audio shared by Mike: Man, you guys, you know, you guys are… Slightly confusing. Okay.
Mike: One second, let me just…
Mike: M…
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: So, is everybody where they are? So, Justice was, like…
Mike: short swears?
Audio shared by Mike: Where is justice?
Audio shared by Mike: You under… oh, you're right there. Okay.
Mike: And as new.
Mike: As Justice screams in… and yells, coming… I forget what he yelled, but something… something clever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something clever!
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike: These… these piles of… Frost and snow start to form.
Mike: next to… And around each of you.
Mike: as these… as these… as these…
Mike: Snow, as this, as this, like, these, like, ex… this huge beast, well, large beast.
Audio shared by Mike: Shaggy white fur, cold. Ice for eyes.
Mike: And it roars as Justice calls out his challenge, and… from the… from the icy ground, these…
Mike: shadowy echoes, small echoes of the beast, basically, arise from the snow and form, like, half.
Audio shared by Mike: Half shadow, half.
Mike: Half ice, half snow. And each one,
Mike: as of… I mean, role initiative, but each one is…
Audio shared by Mike: is.
Mike: So, hold on, how do I…
Mike: So, tell me what you all got for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Weddings?
Mike: Justice got an 8.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I open the… the thing with the… this is the worst.
Mike: You, as just, again, as just the screams, these echoes, they're, they're, like, forming and reaching out.
Audio shared by Mike: as…
Mike: Claws of ice form around each one, reaching out to attack you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think I got a 26, but I was trying to open the thing that shows you the rolls, but I can't remember where it is.
David S. Kong: Oh, there it is.
Kate Sackton: I got a 25.
Mike: 16. Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Echo got a 16 and 10.
Tim Sackton: 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there it is.
Tim Sackton: But I don't know why it's not showing up in the game log, which is weird.
Mike: The… let's see…
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's not showing…
Audio shared by Mike: Can you…
Mike: It's the year old now.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it's showing the last session.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the game log isn't working for some reason, but I can see it if I roll on my character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Strange.
Audio shared by Mike: Hold on a s- .
Eric Rosenbaum: for console errors.
Audio shared by Mike: You guys got really good initiative goals.
Audio shared by Mike: You were prepared for combat to occur.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you know what I think you gotta do?
Mike: I'll lock it.
Tim Sackton: If you have… if you have… if you have beyond 20,
Tim Sackton: You have to turn on Use D&D's digital dice.
Tim Sackton: Otherwise, beyond 20, grabs it before… Before it gets to D&D.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how you turn off beyond…
Tim Sackton: You should be able to just disable beyond 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, like, the browser extension?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the browser extension.
Eric Rosenbaum: 20…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's why mine worked, I'm in a browser without YOP20 installed right now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you just disable beyond 20, it should.
Eric Rosenbaum: But how?
Eric Rosenbaum: options.
Kate Sackton: I have to.
Mike: You should be able to just… you can't just see your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there, I switched it off. Okay.
Kate Sackton: I can see my roles in my character sheet window.
Mike: You can just… you can just pretend like we're rolling real dice and shed them out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just watch out for Kong. Just watch out for Kong when we do that.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Is that it?
Mike: South.
Audio shared by Mike: as the… As these… these snow creatures… form. Yo, you're flying?
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
Mike: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: this fir- so as, as, as the… this… this first creature right here, standing in front of YOLO,
Audio shared by Mike: forms into this swirling…
Mike: mass of shadow and.
Audio shared by Mike: And snow, and it… one of its claws… Bam…
Audio shared by Mike: sort of grows long, and ice…
Mike: It swings.
Audio shared by Mike: And a…
Audio shared by Mike: ice comes flying up 30 feet in the air towards YOLO, but slices just past you.
Audio shared by Mike: And as that happens, these shadowy… These shadowy tentacles.
Audio shared by Mike: Stretch from the creature, and almost wrap
Audio shared by Mike: Wrap themselves around, sort of, the air near YOLO.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Audio shared by Mike: you feel… like…
Audio shared by Mike: slowed, like, the shadowy tentacles are, like, draining the energy, from you, and you feel like it takes extra energy to move. Your speed feels reduced.
Audio shared by Mike: While your speed is reduced by 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Mike: And now it's your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that all that stuff was coming from the Beast, or from.
Audio shared by Mike: No, no, no, this… the beast has not done any… it roared, and these echoes appeared, but these… these living snow, rather, appeared. But nothing has happened from the beast. It's coming from this creature right in front of you.
Mike: But there's one that's grown up.
Mike: There's something that's grown up next to eat every single one of you, okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Creature in front of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's see, where do I do that? Crossbow… That's, 19 to hit?
Audio shared by Mike: misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled the right thing.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay,
Audio shared by Mike: You guys figure out your techies, just… I'm gonna step away for one minute just to light candles, because Charlie really wants me.
Mike: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: with everybody, sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's cool.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna check on Nathaniel's second dinner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I ask a real seat?
David S. Kong: That's true.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is he a hobbit? Alright, so, Shield of Faith is a bonus action spell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As a War Domain Cleric, I can use Channel Divinity to cast it, which is great.
Audio shared by Mike: I use Channel Divinity to cast a spell whose casting time is a bonus action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I use a bonus action because that's the casting time, or an action because it's channel divinity?
Tim Sackton: that's a good question.
Tim Sackton: Where does it sit?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a 6th level…
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, no, no, it's… you cast it as normal, but rather than using a spell slot, you use a Channel Divinity.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it remains closed.
Tim Sackton: Bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool.
Tim Sackton: But that's great, because that means you can cast another spell as your action.
Tim Sackton: Cast Spirit Guardians.
Tim Sackton: And go stomp things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we think this is the beast at the center of the maze? Like, the big… the big bad, or…
Tim Sackton: I assume it must be.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just, like, a friend of the big bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): neighbor… roommate?
David S. Kong: It's him.
Tim Sackton: Yeah? .
David S. Kong: So, when Echo shapeshifts and then attacks, in D&D Beyond, where are my attacks?
David S. Kong: Like, right now, I've got an attack that's a cantrip, like, Starry Wisp.
Tim Sackton: You have to… It's not. It's… it's because you're a druid.
Tim Sackton: Let me… let me…
Eric Rosenbaum: You need to use the stat block.
Tim Sackton: Here's the… here's the link. I'm putting it in chat.
David S. Kong: Perfect, thank you.
Tim Sackton: You need to use that step block instead of… Instead of your step walk.
Eric Rosenbaum: And my strategy is basically to just shoot things, and then I have psion… like, when I hit them, then I can do more stuff, but I have to hit first. Like, I can use psionic Strike, and then I get advantage after hitting…
Eric Rosenbaum: And then there's second wind that I can do an extra attack.
Tim Sackton: But also, Kong, remember, remember…
Tim Sackton: If you can. When you change, your AC is 17, not whatever the polar bear's AC is.
Tim Sackton: You get 18… you get 18 temporary hit points.
Tim Sackton: And…
Mike: Are you coaching everybody? That's good.
Tim Sackton: You deal radiant…
Mike: I haven't come back.
Tim Sackton: Instead of normal damage, and you should probably cast a spell
Tim Sackton: before you shift, like, cast something strong, like, conjure Animals, or,
Tim Sackton: If you want to do… that's probably your best… that's probably your best bet, conjure Animals. Conjure animals, that's the spell dealt with would sometimes use, that whenever…
Tim Sackton: Whenever a creature is within 10 feet of the pack.
Tim Sackton: You can do damage to them.
Tim Sackton: And you cast it, and then you Wild Shape, and so you have the spell going while you're in your Wild Shape.
Audio shared by Mike: Perfect. And then…
David S. Kong: Sorry, for… my rend attack says, melee attack roll plus 7, hit 9, 1DA plus 5.
Tim Sackton: Just roll 1D8 plus 5. Ignore the 9.
David S. Kong: Okay, got it.
Tim Sackton: And you make 2 attacks, and you're resistant to cold damage, and your AC is 17.
Mike: Oh wait, you're resistant to cold damage? That's a really, really, really, really, really, really, really useful feature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe some cold damage coming up, I… I sense. Alright, so I'm gonna take my second crossbow shot.
Mike: Sorry, you rolled in what you took… what, you rolled in 19?
Eric Rosenbaum: For the first one.
Mike: Yeah, it… so you see your arrow fly towards it, and it… it, like…
Audio shared by Mike: this…
Mike: The tendrils, like, form an ice shield, and it sort of bounces off. It's this creature's icy chest.
Eric Rosenbaum: And YOLO sighs and swings his left arm up to fire again, rolling a 27 to hit.
Mike: That hits… Hold on a second.
Audio shared by Mike: How much damage?
Eric Rosenbaum: 8 piercing damage, and then I can use my…
Eric Rosenbaum: Derp-de-derp, where is the thing? The psionic strike…
Mike: As you hit it… hold on… as you hit it with the ice, the icicle, like, forms in front of it.
Mike: And, your arrow, like, sort of starts to turn to…
Mike: To… nothingness as it hits the ice, and this bolt of cold.
Mike: Comes shooting back at you.
Mike: And you take 6 points of ice damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: ay, ay, aye.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do my sonic strike, or no?
Mike: Yes.
Audio shared by Mike: You can't do your psionic straight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or…
Audio shared by Mike: 5 additional damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's… Do I have to expend a psionic energy die? Where are those things?
Eric Rosenbaum: How much you redesign this entire UI?
Mike: the…
Audio shared by Mike: Wait, Kate, Drake usually uses a bow, right?
Mike: Like, you're equipped.
Kate Sackton: for the back.
Mike: That was your main weapon? Okay.
Mike: The creature… the creature standing next to you, again, these… these,
Mike: black, these black tentacles come, sort of, it, it, first of all, swings, well…
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yolmo gets a third attack.
Mike: Oh, you all gets 3 attacks?
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is that, Tim?
Tim Sackton: Don't you have…
Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah, you do, because you have crosswap.
Mike: Yep, you have a light weapon. You can shoot…
Mike: you can shoot 2 attacks, plus a… that's why you have two crossbows, because you get three attacks. Sorry, I forgot.
Tim Sackton: It takes your breath.
Eric Rosenbaum: reflected.
Tim Sackton: But you didn't use your bonus action for anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Mike: You can use a bonus action to make a… if you wield two weapons, you can use a bonus action to make an attack with one of your two weapons.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, they're up high.
Mike: And, because you have Crossbow expert, your crossbow's basically… Yolo's hands move faster than the eye can see, and he loads crossbow bolts as he's shooting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. Alright, so I… Fire a third time.
Tim Sackton: You have a pen?
Eric Rosenbaum: That guy had been… I have advantage, that's what I was gonna say, yes.
Audio shared by Mike: do that, which is fair.
Eric Rosenbaum: World Twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an 11, I'm gonna need to use again… my roll again for a 15.
Mike: Again, these icy… this icy…
Audio shared by Mike: thickness. Like, it's… Thick ice forms on its chest, and your arrows just vanish into the ice.
Audio shared by Mike: So did the first strike do any damage?
Eric Rosenbaum: But the psionic strike did. I could hit only 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not good. Oh, because the crossbow bolts are not magical, maybe.
Audio shared by Mike: I hope you figure this out, or you guys might all die, but Tim will figure it out for you, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, I can make… I can magic my crossbow bolts.
Audio shared by Mike: The one next to… Drain.
Audio shared by Mike: Again, forms these tentacles.
Audio shared by Mike: And strikes with two claw attacks.
Audio shared by Mike: two icy claws come flying towards you. What is your, AC? Kate? 16?
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Both of the claws hit.
Audio shared by Mike: and, a… it does…
Mike: 12 points of cold damage.
Kate Sackton: I know.
Audio shared by Mike: Again, these black tentacles curl around you, and you feel drained of energy, and your speed is reduced by 10.
Audio shared by Mike: Add you, it… that looks at you, and… Howls with this piercing…
Audio shared by Mike: Sound, and make a wisdom saving throw.
Kate Sackton: 11.
Audio shared by Mike: You can take… so you're… you're… the howl echoes around your head, and you… you… it's… it's like…
Audio shared by Mike: bouncing and distracting you. Next turn, you can… on your turn, you can either take an action or a bonus action, but not both.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: And it's now your turn.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to…
Kate Sackton: Does my beast gets its own attack no matter what? Is that, like, separate? Or is that also limited by this bonus action-action thing? Like, I can only.
Mike: I have my…
Kate Sackton: attack, or I can attack.
Audio shared by Mike: I don't actually know what your… I should probably know what your character does more than me. Tim, do you know offhand how…
Audio shared by Mike: Kate's Beast Works.
Audio shared by Mike: You can…
Tim Sackton: and… It doesn't do anything unless you command it to attack. You can…
Kate Sackton: But is the command my action? Or my bonus action?
Tim Sackton: Either… you can either use your bonus action, or you can trade one of your attacks.
Mike: If you make the… if you take the attack action, you can give up one of your… Two attacks.
Tim Sackton: attacks in order for the beast to do something.
Kate Sackton: That's what I thought.
Audio shared by Mike: Space.
Kate Sackton: So I effectively have two attacks and a bonus attack action, and I can only do…
Kate Sackton: either my two attacks or my bonus action, but obviously if I have two attacks, then I could still do one in bonus action, or use my beast for the other one. Alright.
Kate Sackton: now that we've sorted that all out. I…
Kate Sackton: due to… I guess I'll just have my beast attack first, and then I'll see what I do.
Kate Sackton: So, I… Send my beast in to do its… melee attack.
Mike: Your bird flies and rolled ahead.
Kate Sackton: Is that just a D20?
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Does it have a plus to that, or is it just…
Mike: Yeah, it should be… let's see, Beast of the Sky, its attack is your spell attack modifier.
Audio shared by Mike: So… plus 6.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so 17 is what it gets. That hits? 11 plus 6. Alright.
Mike: your bird comes flying in, so you do 1D4…
Audio shared by Mike: plus 3 plus… 1D4 plus 6.
Mike: And that's the one in front of you?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, so that's 3 on the dice, so.
Mike: None.
Kate Sackton: 9.
Audio shared by Mike: So the beast comes flying in and cuts, seemingly easily.
Audio shared by Mike: Through the snow of this creature.
Audio shared by Mike: Your turn?
Kate Sackton: Well… It's really showing me how it's done.
Mike: You're, you're, you're shooting it?
Kate Sackton: But due to my general inability to do anything but, yes, I will just not… choose to not learn from my party's…
Kate Sackton: Experiences, and just take a shot at it myself.
Mike: Alright, roll ahead.
Kate Sackton: Nothing else to do. Might as well not.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: So I rolled a 23.
Mike: That hits.
Kate Sackton: Er, er, okay.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: So my 1D8 plus 4 is 9.
Audio shared by Mike: So as the arrow flies into it, again, just like when YOLO shoved it, this icy patch forms in front of it.
Audio shared by Mike: And the arrow bounces off, and you… and shoots back at you. This beep, this icicle comes flying back.
Audio shared by Mike: At you, and you take 5 points of damage.
Kate Sackton: Maybe it's better not to attack.
Mike: Ehh.
Kate Sackton: I forgot about the possibly doing myself damage part.
Audio shared by Mike: the one… So… Vinny and you're on y'all's back, right?
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Audio shared by Mike: So this one, again.
Mike: Its claw comes flying out.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna… I've gotta have at least half cover, if not 3 quarters cover. It's underneath us, right?
Audio shared by Mike: It is underneath you, you probably do have… probably… 3 quarters cover, but I rolled a 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: You take 9 points of cold damage.
Audio shared by Mike: And your speed is also reduced by 10 as it hits you.
Audio shared by Mike: Your turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the first thing I'll do is,
Tim Sackton: Shout telepathically in Drain and Yolo's heads. I don't think your arrows can hurt them. Focus on the beast.
Tim Sackton: And then I will hold up my hand, And, say, a word in… Say,
Tim Sackton: Some fancy Sylvan word.
Tim Sackton: And out of the ring on my hand, magic begins to form, and I'm gonna summon a phase spirit.
Tim Sackton: And I'm going to make it…
Tim Sackton: So that's a third level slot.
Tim Sackton: I am going to make it a…
Mike: Really? This is some in fact.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I really… we really need Kenzo, like…
Tim Sackton: Are they immune to charm? Are they bad at wisdom saves?
Tim Sackton: Where's sulfite when you need it?
Tim Sackton: I am… I am going to, make it…
Tim Sackton: I'll try… I'll… I'll try Charmed. See what happens. I'm gonna make it…
Audio shared by Mike: I'm gonna make it mirthful.
Tim Sackton: And I'm going to put it…
Tim Sackton: So it's a little… it's a little faith spirit.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, we can put a… Something like… That.
Tim Sackton: But I don't know. Oh yeah, I can control that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is all pretty close together.
Tim Sackton: So, I'm gonna put it there.
Tim Sackton: And it will attack the… Beast.
Tim Sackton: why can't I… So annoying.
Tim Sackton: So many things I can't roll. Okay, roll dice.
Tim Sackton: It does not hit.
Tim Sackton: However, the living snow that's been attacking me has to make a wisdom saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Or it is charmed.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: C15.
Audio shared by Mike: The… The… as you, as this, sort of.
Mike: mirthful laugh from the Fae drifts towards the snow. These, like.
Mike: Echoes of dust, almost, spiral around this creature's head.
Audio shared by Mike: Almost, like, shielding it from the noise of the…
Mike: of the charm. Like, it's… like it's protected somehow from your spell, and it makes it safe.
Audio shared by Mike: 8th.
Tim Sackton: I will. Bonus action!
Tim Sackton: Yve.
Tim Sackton: Justice, bardic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: And that ends my turn.
Mike: One of these appeared near where Kalima is hiding.
Mike: But, let's see… You do have a… you do have a, She's behind an illusion.
Tim Sackton: She's… she's behind… yeah, she's behind in illusion.
Mike: It kind of pokes around for a little bit, slightly confused, like, it doesn't, see her at first.
Audio shared by Mike: and pokes against the wall. It seems like it… it seems to be looking for something, but is not…
Mike: Very good at seeing through illusions.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh wait, hold on. I got the initiative.
Mike: Then, this one, Echo, you up in the sky?
Mike: Kong, is Echo flying?
Mike: Or did you land?
David S. Kong: I'm about to turn into a bear, so…
Mike: But have you landed yet? Or are you still flying at the moment?
David S. Kong: Sure, I'll still be flying at the moment.
Audio shared by Mike: So, it…
Audio shared by Mike: swings at you, again, extending just one claw with this long reach, and it just goes flying past you. But again, you can see these, like, dark tendrils of… of…
Mike: Bhhh Of, of, like, shadow swirling towards you.
Audio shared by Mike: And now it's your turn.
Mike: Again, your speeds, everybody's speed is reduced by 10.
David S. Kong: Alright.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I will, I will cast, Conjurer.
David S. Kong: Animals.
David S. Kong: and conjure a… Large pack of spectral, intangible animals.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: That's a 10-foot radius, I think, right?
David S. Kong: The pack moves within 10 feet of a creature you can see.
Tim Sackton: It's a large pack.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah. And it can move… it…
Tim Sackton: It's within 10 feet of the… so…
Tim Sackton: Kong, Echo's strategy here is to Because on your turn.
Tim Sackton: You can… when you move, you can move the thing up to 30 feet, and every time it moves within 10 feet of a creature.
Tim Sackton: You force them to make a deck save or take damage.
Tim Sackton: You should be able to get it to… Hit.
Tim Sackton: practically everything.
David S. Kong: What do you mean?
David S. Kong: Like, I said, okay, so this is my thing.
Tim Sackton: So it can move 30 feet, so, right? So…
David S. Kong: Oh, I see.
Tim Sackton: It's actually much bigger than that, because it's a large creature with a 10-foot radius around the large creature.
David S. Kong: How do I make this bigger?
Eric Rosenbaum: What creature is it?
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, I see. It's, it's.
Tim Sackton: This is something Rule 20 is better at, so it's… so it's a…
Mike: that's…
Tim Sackton: Large creature, and then 2 squares out, so it's 3 squares total, yeah.
Mike: Nice. That's one too big. I think that's one too big.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: No, that's right.
Tim Sackton: That's right. That's perfect.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: center.
Audio shared by Mike: Right?
Tim Sackton: So every… so if you summon it… you summon it, like… like, right…
Mike: Yeah, right.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Put it there, and then move it 1, 2…
Tim Sackton: 3, 4, 5, 6. You hit everybody except for that, although you probably want to hit that one.
Tim Sackton: So let's say we put it… put it here, you go 1, 2, 3…
Audio shared by Mike: for…
Tim Sackton: maybe you have to go protect Kalima or something, but if you start it here, you can go one…
Tim Sackton: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. You hit every single creature on the battlefield except for this one.
David S. Kong: Sweet.
David S. Kong: My computer is, like, freezing up, or something is going on. You guys can still hear me? Can you see me? Yeah. I can't move past the window. It's really weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: This is weird. My, like, screen is, like, frozen. Like, I can't actually, that's very annoying. Well,
David S. Kong: I may have to restart my computer, but let me, let me do, let me do my, so, do I, do I… so… I can move the circle, within my turn, or…
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: As part of… when you move, you can move at 30 feet.
David S. Kong: Got it, okay.
David S. Kong: So, I guess I'll position it first to hit the first group, and then move it to the second spot, to hit the second group.
Tim Sackton: Actually, I wonder if you… well, it's…
Tim Sackton: I don't… it's actually not entirely clear.
David S. Kong: You guys hear me?
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: So weird.
Tim Sackton: it doesn't… it doesn't force, at least as far as I can tell, it doesn't force saves when it appears, it only forces saves when it moves.
David S. Kong: I see, so this round I can only do it once?
Tim Sackton: You can still hit everybody except for this one.
Tim Sackton: Except for this one in the corner here.
Tim Sackton: Right? Because you make it appear, and then you make it move. You make it move…
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and it hits every single… creature.
Tim Sackton: the battlefield. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Tim Sackton: I had it.
Tim Sackton: Right? So it appears here, and then it goes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
Audio shared by Mike: I'm frozen now. Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Dude.
Mike: Yes, we will.
David S. Kong: Okay, guys, D&D Beyond broke my computer. Like, it full-on just, like, shut off.
Tim Sackton: Keith.
David S. Kong: I've never seen that happen before.
Mike: Very exciting.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Anyways, I will, I will, I'll do the things. I'm gonna attack, I'll attack twice a polar bear.
Tim Sackton: You can't attack because you kiss the spell. You can still turn into the polar bear and do your spell thing. So everybody has to make a… everybody on the battlefield except for this living… except for K, has to make a deck save or take 3D10…
Audio shared by Mike: Slashing damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dex save, you say.
Tim Sackton: Not…
Mike: Only the bad guys, only the people…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, you're just saying.
Audio shared by Mike: Does somebody want to roll… .
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I got it.
Mike: Okay, so…
Audio shared by Mike: So this one…
Mike: As the beast, so…
Tim Sackton: That's the worst possible role.
Tim Sackton: But that's okay.
Audio shared by Mike: As the… as the thing appears and moves past this.
Audio shared by Mike: The ice around the edge of this creature.
Audio shared by Mike: next to Echo thickens, and the claws of the, of the beast
Audio shared by Mike: of the conscious animals, bounce off it. The same happens to this… This creature here.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? As the beasts come past it, like, the snow thickens, and, like, the claws of the beasts just bounce off it.
Audio shared by Mike: The one… here… you guys can see my…
Mike: Totally, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: That does not seem to happen for the one on the top.
Audio shared by Mike: You said 5 damage?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: similarly, the ones next to Justice and Yolo, what is it, DC…
Tim Sackton: 15, I need to look at Echoes. Do you see 15 deck safe?
Audio shared by Mike: So, this one here dodges out of the way. This one also takes the damage.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, and then it goes over the beast, too?
Tim Sackton: Now it's sitting right here.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And I'll just… I'll also shout out to Echo to, like, just go stand.
Tim Sackton: Since you can't attack, just go, like…
Tim Sackton: you know, stand protectively near Kalima to try and keep it from… Killing her.
David S. Kong: Alright, cool.
Mike: the beast looks at… .
Tim Sackton: Can you move the polar bear con?
David S. Kong: Yes.
David S. Kong: If you're good?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's perfect.
Mike: The Beast, looks at… .
Audio shared by Mike: The polar bear.
Mike: And just these icy blue eyes flash.
Audio shared by Mike: Make a con saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Add your wisdom modifier to your con… wait, hold on, let me check.
Tim Sackton: I'm pretty sure it just says con saving throws, it might say concentration.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so, make a con saving throw and add 4.
Mike: But you're welcome.
David S. Kong: I'm so sorry.
David S. Kong: Roll… what again?
Mike: Con saving throw.
David S. Kong: Okay, give me one second, sorry, my computer's, reloading all the things… con saving throw… Do-do-do is…
David S. Kong: 18.
Audio shared by Mike: You… your polar bear nature.
Mike: just… this… this gaze does not affect you. Whatever these icy blue stairs, you just stare back.
Mike: And it glances away first. It loses the staring contest with the polar bear.
Mike: the one in front of justice, again, like, steps forward with these.
Audio shared by Mike: to Icy Claws.
Mike: Both of them hit.
Mike: for…
Audio shared by Mike: 12 points of cold damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike: And then it, again, shrieks at you.
Mike: With this distracting… echoing noise, make a… wisdom saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Don't forget, you have garlic if you need it, but I'm sure you don't need it with that.
Audio shared by Mike: No, you're fine.
Audio shared by Mike: Your turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): alright. As a bonus action, I use Channel Divinity to cast, Shield of Faith.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: Oh, and Kong, don't forget, your magic item gives you the jump spell while you're a polar bear.
Mike: So you can jump 30 feet for a 10-foot move.
David S. Kong: Sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't see in D&D Beyond it adjusting my AC automatically, but that does up it to 21. Okay. Then, I cast…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Spirit Guardians! Alright, Spirit Guardians.
Audio shared by Mike: Wait, you can't cast two levels.
Tim Sackton: Channel divinity.
Mike: Oh, Channel Divinity, okay, you can because of Channel Divinity, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, a 15-foot radius emanation extends from me, In which everything inside it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on the start of their turn, or when I move into their space, has to make a DC-14 Wisdom Save or take 3DA Radiant damage.
Mike: Ehhhh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there an easy way to draw that around me on the map?
Mike: I mean, you could draw… you could make the little circles.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but…
Mike: 15…
Mike: Oop.
Mike: No, here, I got it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, it should encompass the three…
Tim Sackton: That's one square too small.
Mike: I know, I know, I know, I'm trying to fix it. There we go.
Audio shared by Mike: Ehh…
Mike: It's like… it's like that, right?
Tim Sackton: It's 15-foot emanation, so it's 3 squares in every direction from.
Mike: Right, okay, so it's one… so it's… so it's actually back.
Tim Sackton: So it's that, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So she'll get 4 Living Snows and the Beast.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, and that is… Whenever a creature enters or ends its turn.
Tim Sackton: And the ammonation enters their space.
Tim Sackton: So it hits on trigger.
Tim Sackton: It hits on cast.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: They can only… they can only make it once a turn, but if they don't get out of the…
Tim Sackton: If they don't get out, they have to make it every… when they end their turn as well.
Mike: Yeah, okay, so, hold on, the… what is it? A wisdom saving throw?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 14.
Mike: The one…
Mike: down, starting with the one at the bottom, next to Finian, the… the snow around it just, like, shakes off, and these… and, like, fights off the Spirit Guardians.
Mike: As it's unaffected by the spell.
Mike: The one next to Yoa… Makes the save.
Mike: The beef… Makes the save.
Mike: The one next to you… Does not make the save.
Mike: And hold on a sec.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, okay.
Mike: And the one next to… Drain…
Audio shared by Mike: Well, it was 15, you said?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 14.
Mike: Just barely makes the save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bummer. Alright, so that's 12, radiant to the one next to me, then.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which ends my turn.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can move if you want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think that I want to right now.
Tim Sackton: I think we should focus fire on the beast, to be honest.
Tim Sackton: But you can stay there, I mean, you can close in on it.
Tim Sackton: At the beginning of your turn, you can move to the beast. Remember, all those snows have… their speed is halved.
Mike: This guy moves out… of the emanations, and then…
Audio shared by Mike: fires at.
Mike: But misses.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, they're not actually in melee, because Sielo's in the air? Correct. So no, no opportunity. Okay. Correct.
Tim Sackton: The sprite gets an opportunity to attack, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: My face…
Tim Sackton: carrot.
Mike: Wait, where is your face spirit?
Audio shared by Mike: No, it's true.
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, square.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: the next day, yeah.
Mike: I thought it was a taxi.
Mike: Was it attacking the beast? It's a small creature. Okay, it's small fire.
Tim Sackton: Takes up the square.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, yes, yes.
Mike: That's not true.
Tim Sackton: It's regional.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: 5 feet.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So, that is… Again, this won't roll for me, but I'll just use this stupid roll dice button.
Tim Sackton: That is a natural 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike: Let's… wait, let's see… Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, that is going to do… 4d6 plus 6 force damage.
Mike: Wait, this is a spell?
Tim Sackton: a summoned creature.
Mike: Right, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's gonna be 26 points of force damage.
Mike: What? When you… when the creature… when… as the spirit reaches out to hit it, it's, like, almost like the… the ice
Mike: almost parts.
Mike: And, like… the… the…
Mike: force of the blow just explodes this thing from the inside. Almost like the… the creature was, like,
Mike: opening itself up to the attack, in a way.
Mike: Yolo, you're up!
Tim Sackton: I will telepathically ping Yolo and say, again, remind him, don't shoot the snow, and also, like, fly us out of here if you can.
Tim Sackton: Like, neither one of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's me.
Tim Sackton: to be in Mei Li with anything, let's back off.
Eric Rosenbaum: You mean right into the mouth of the beast? That's what you mean, I think.
Tim Sackton: No, no, yellow. Yellow, yellow.
Tim Sackton: You know you can shoot things from far away, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we fly directly above the beast, then?
Mike: Perfect. The ceiling of this chamber is only about 20, 18 feet or so. The beast is 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Me tall.
Mike: So, directly above the VC.
Tim Sackton: Don't go directly above that. How about, like… like…
Eric Rosenbaum: What's my move?
Tim Sackton: 20 feet, 1, 2.
Mike: I doubt the… the… the…
Mike: Blackness has gone away from… the black bonds have gone away from you, it's back.
Tim Sackton: How about… and you only need to be 30 feet… you have to be 30 feet from the beast, right? So…
Tim Sackton: That… there, that square is perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which one?
Tim Sackton: this one right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh. Why is that perfect?
Tim Sackton: Because that's exactly 30 feet from the beast, so you can still shoot the beast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so you come with me, and I will shoot the beast.
Eric Rosenbaum: As many times as possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: First shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a 27 to hit.
Mike: That hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: For… 7 damage, and then I can use my… Psionic Strike again… Oops.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or another 7 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Oh, let me… let me mark off the…
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is my… oh yeah, my psionic energy dice. So that's my first attack, and now the second one has advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 23 to hit.
Mike: 23 hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, whoops, I didn't roll the damage. It's over here, that's another 6.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then my third attack… Is it 26 to hit?
Tim Sackton: Probably not a bad… bad… Time to axe in charge and make two more attacks, to be honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's 9 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can do that once per long rest, I think? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: For short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool, cool. Once per short rest. So, it says one additional action.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I get 2 shots for it?
Mike: Yeah, two attacks, yeah, because your attack action gets two attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I have two hands that deal.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Audio shared by Mike: So that's…
Eric Rosenbaum: A 21 to hit.
Mike: As that arrow goes flying towards it, you see from the…
Mike: living snow, like, a web comes up, and it deflects off of it. It's like, it, like, draws some sort of strength from the… from these creatures, and it deflects it.
Tim Sackton: wherever you are.
Mike: falls to the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember, you have advantage on these. -Oh, I only rolled once for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I roll again, Mike?
Mike: If you have advantage, you should roll twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 17, 15, right?
Tim Sackton: Doesn't help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and for my…
Audio shared by Mike: 17th and final shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 20, and I'll row again… You don't get a 10 to 20.
Mike: No, you don't get an advantage.
Tim Sackton: You don't get advanced.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cause I…
Tim Sackton: missed. You, you broke.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike: Yeah, 20 minutes.
Tim Sackton: That's sad.
Mike: Again, as the arrow flies towards it, you see this, like…
Mike: Web of… of snow almost flowing from the echoes, deflecting your arrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Mike: And… this one, next to Drain, Steps out of the… abominations again.
Mike: And looks at drain, and swings.
Mike: to claws.
Mike: One of which hits for 10 points of cold damage.
Audio shared by Mike: Wait, you don't have any spells active, do you?
Audio shared by Mike: Doubt.
Mike: And then, actually does nothing.
Mike: Because it already used that power.
Mike: Yep, okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, your turn.
Mike: You're on mute, Kate.
Mike: We can't hear you, you're on mute.
Kate Sackton: It did do the 10 points of damage, though.
Mike: Oh, yes, yes, it did the templates itself.
Kate Sackton: or some other thing.
Mike: Or do another thing, because it can only do that every other turn.
Kate Sackton: Well, awesome sauce.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: I… Now, I'm going to cast…
Kate Sackton: Hunter's Mark. I'm gonna stare at that big ol' beast.
Kate Sackton: And… I don't know, look menacing at it.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: And then, as a…
Mike: 100 spark is a bonus section.
Kate Sackton: then as an action, I can cast, but it's a spell?
Mike: It's a bonus action spell.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So you can then attack, if you'd like.
Kate Sackton: Yes, that's what I was hoping.
Audio shared by Mike: Eyebold.
Kate Sackton: Draw my longbow and shoot at the big ol' beast.
Audio shared by Mike: Do you have any feet that prevents
Audio shared by Mike: Makes you okay at attacking while you're in melee.
Kate Sackton: Normally.
Mike: disadvantage on…
Audio shared by Mike: longbow, it's un…
Mike: Ranged attacks when you're in…
Audio shared by Mike: Sure.
Mike: Sharpshooter does.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, you have a feat. Yeah, okay, fine.
Mike: Yeah, okay, so you do have… you do have a feat, I just wasn't sure.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep, okay.
Mike: You can shoot at the beast.
Kate Sackton: My feet and I are shooting.
Kate Sackton: I'm so good at… with arrows, I shoot with my feet.
Kate Sackton: It's 18.
Audio shared by Mike: As the arrow flies towards it again, you see this… this, like, snow swirling from these two snow creatures closest to it, and the arrow is knocked down.
Tim Sackton: I will also just, like, telepathically suggest to people to get close to justice, because then you're gonna have to force them to get into the Spirit Guardians.
Tim Sackton: You want to be as close to justice as you can.
Kate Sackton: I have an action and a bonus action and a move, so I can still move, right.
Mike: And you get a second attack, too. Your first attack missed, but you have a second one.
Kate Sackton: I'll do my second attack.
Kate Sackton: I mean, there's no… yeah, there's no way to avoid the opportunity attack of disengaging with the thing that's next to me, so if I'm gonna move…
Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: nothing.
Kate Sackton: saving an action or a bonus action doesn't prevent beast the creature's opportunity to attack or anything like that, so… might as well just take my action.
Kate Sackton: So, I am… Shooting… That is a 22.
Audio shared by Mike: Again, you see this snow around, swirling and knocking your arrow down.
Audio shared by Mike: Coming from… it's, it's clearly, like, like, Coming off of these two…
Audio shared by Mike: living snow beasts near it. Like, they're defending it somehow.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Mike: This one!
Kate Sackton: I do try to do my moves.
Mike: You're gonna move? Okay.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna do whatever… I'm gonna incur whatever damage I'm…
Kate Sackton: doing whatever Finnan tells me, nonsensical as it may be, so I move close to justice.
Mike: Swings at you as you move closer to it, closer to justice, but…
Kate Sackton: Of course it does. Oh, good.
Mike: This one moves to here.
Tim Sackton: You have to be in a square, so pick a square that you want to be.
Mike: And then… Wings a claw.
Mike: at… what's your race? Fidian, 13. So, it flings a claw at Fideian.
Tim Sackton: It has a 30… like, a 40-foot reach.
Audio shared by Mike: once…
Mike: Once per… yeah. Yeah. If you see a vault of ice dot…
Audio shared by Mike: It's only attacking you once, not twice, and it's not howling at you.
Tim Sackton: Where did it roll?
Audio shared by Mike: It rolled a… to hit. It barely… it's a very minimally glancing blow.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna… Coding words.
Mike: That is… a D6 subtract.
Tim Sackton: 58.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, it hit by… 1, actually, so…
Mike: So, minus 4 to its rule.
Audio shared by Mike: No, miss, it hit by one, I mean, any, any roll, a roll of one would have made it miss.
Audio shared by Mike: Bounces off, and it used its bonus action, it's your turn.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I… I'm going to use…
Audio shared by Mike: Oh wait, you have a… Alright, but never mind, it could've got here, okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm going to use…
Tim Sackton: let's see, does command no longer requires you to understand it? So, I am going to look at…
Tim Sackton: the… Well… I think I'll… I'll use…
Tim Sackton: Command at second level to try and target
Tim Sackton: This Living… Living Snow J?
Tim Sackton: And Living Snow… Wait, there's two living snow cats.
Mike: Yeah, I… yes.
Audio shared by Mike: Let me… I… the names got a little confused.
Tim Sackton: Whichever the one is, that's, like, the one associated with… with…
Mike: That's handled.
Tim Sackton: Living Snow K and Living Snow… .
Mike: I was trying to abuse you guys' first letters, but you have two E's and two Js.
Tim Sackton: Living Snow…
Eric Rosenbaum: That makes no joke.
Tim Sackton: and Living Snow K. I will command them. I'm using a second level slot, so I can target two creatures.
Tim Sackton: I will… Oops, that's justice. I gotta modify my own character sheet. I will command them to… Flea.
Tim Sackton: That's, DC15 Wisdom saving throw.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: I didn't even yell.
Audio shared by Mike: You're… okay, so… Okay, J and K.
Mike: It's wisdom, you said?
Tim Sackton: You see, 15 wisdom saving throw.
Audio shared by Mike: Jay makes the save.
Mike: K fails to save.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so on its turn, it has to spend its entire turn
Tim Sackton: Taking no actions to move as far…
Mike: Anyway.
Tim Sackton: as possible.
Mike: You doing anything else?
Tim Sackton: let's see, I used…
Tim Sackton: I think I only have one… I only have one bardic left, because I used the cutting word, so I'm gonna save that, and I'm going to…
Mike: It's nothing I can't doing anything?
Tim Sackton: With my… oh yeah, it's gonna attack, but it takes its turn after mine.
Tim Sackton: Bad.
Tim Sackton: I am not gonna use my bonus action, and the spirit will attack.
Audio shared by Mike: That is.
Tim Sackton: 23 to hit the beast.
Audio shared by Mike: 23 hits.
Mike: You see it, it, like, tears… it tears through the, like…
Audio shared by Mike: defense…
Mike: like, the stream of snow coming from these… from these living snow. 8 damage.
Tim Sackton: Nope, it's plus an additional, 8+.
Tim Sackton: 3 plus 3, so an additional 6, so it's 14 damage. Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then it's going to target… Yee… Living soon!
Tim Sackton: Is that… that's not within 10 feet of it, is it?
Tim Sackton: Okay, it can't get that Living Snow. It's gonna… it'll target the living snow next to Justice.
Tim Sackton: And attempt to charm it. DC-15 wisdom saving throw.
Audio shared by Mike: I'm the one next to Justice, okay?
Mike: What does Charmed do? That just means it can't attack you, right?
Tim Sackton: It can't attack me or the…
Audio shared by Mike: Sprite.
Audio shared by Mike: The one standing next to Echo…
Mike: Looks at the polar bear.
Audio shared by Mike: In front of it.
Audio shared by Mike: And swings to… what is the polar bears they see?
Tim Sackton: 17.
Audio shared by Mike: Swings two claws, both of which hit.
Audio shared by Mike: You take… 12 points of… well, it's 2 attacks you take…
Audio shared by Mike: 6… no, it doesn't matter. You take 12 points of cold damage, but you take half of that.
Tim Sackton: So you have to make two concentration checks.
Audio shared by Mike: Yes, for 6, and and then it…
Mike: actually make 3… then it howls at you in a very distracting way, make a third… make 3 concentration checks.
Tim Sackton: So roll… roll 3D20, you have to roll a 3 or higher on all of them.
Mike: Wow, one of them has a higher DC than you think.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: I think it's a 3 or higher, what's Echoes? 3 plus 4, so 7, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, two of them you have to get, so tell me what you got for all three of them.
Audio shared by Mike: And then it's your turn.
Mike: Kong, you're on mute if you're talking.
David S. Kong: Was it my turn?
Mike: Did you make 3 concentration checks?
David S. Kong: Con saves, right?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Natural 20.
Mike: fine.
Mike: That's fine.
Audio shared by Mike: That's fine.
Audio shared by Mike: That's your turn.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Audio shared by Mike: Did you take the… you took, did you get 6 points of damage?
Audio shared by Mike: Yes. Okay.
David S. Kong: Alright, so I'm going to… Move the intangible pack… It's over here.
David S. Kong: So this… oh wait. Shall do this.
David S. Kong: I'll get all 4 of these guys, right?
Tim Sackton: Well, it's when it moves through, so… yeah, it'll hit all four of those.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I do that. So everybody's gotta roll, make a deck save.
Audio shared by Mike: So, R dodges out of the way, K does not make it safe.
Audio shared by Mike: the E dodges out of the way, and F…
Audio shared by Mike: Again, as you… as the…
Mike: spirits come past it, it almost, like…
Mike: The snow swirls around it and almost, like, blocks that… blocks the animals.
Audio shared by Mike: And it… and it… doesn't… It doesn't take any damage.
David S. Kong: Alright, but I still roll 3D10, though, right?
Mike: Yes. It's per K. K, K failed.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I rolled a 14.
Mike: Okay?
David S. Kong: And then… now I can attack. I can still let you attack.
Tim Sackton: Don't bother attacking K, because it's going to spend its entire next turn running away.
Audio shared by Mike: So, attack somebody else.
David S. Kong: How about E?
Tim Sackton: is good.
David S. Kong: Alright, I'm already in Melee with E.
David S. Kong: Alright, so now, for attack, I have D20 plus 7…
David S. Kong: Give me a moment here… first attack…
David S. Kong: 18.
Audio shared by Mike: As you swing at it and your claw, like, feels like it's sliding into the snow, but then the snow it's sliding into just isn't there anymore all of a sudden.
David S. Kong: 18 doesn't hit?
Mike: There's a…
David S. Kong: That's sad.
Mike: Gotta listen to my narration.
David S. Kong: What am I supposed to do if I…
Mike: Now, bow.
Mike: I'm not gonna tell you.
David S. Kong: Let me see,
Mike: I can attack it again.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's my… I'm gonna try to do that. Let's see…
David S. Kong: I rolled another… oh, I rolled on all… well, wait, alright, another 18.
Mike: Again, it seems like… like, the… as your claw comes towards it, it, like.
Audio shared by Mike: This time, it's… it's…
Mike: Ice, its body sort of stiffens, and the force of your blow bounces off it.
David S. Kong: What's going on, guys?
Mike: Oh, and then…
Audio shared by Mike: it… it, like…
Audio shared by Mike: A deep cold starts spreading from around it, and at the end of your turn, you take 3 points of cold damage, which is halved to 1.
Audio shared by Mike: the… Beast.
Audio shared by Mike: looks at… Justice.
Audio shared by Mike: With its icy gaze. Make a con saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm saving throw… 17.
Audio shared by Mike: 17. Justice stares the beast down, and it…
Audio shared by Mike: Breaks its gaze first, turning away in shame as it cannot… Break your will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not so, mutters Justice under his breath.
Audio shared by Mike: This one has to run away.
Audio shared by Mike: Away from, what, Finian?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: It can't really run away from you.
Audio shared by Mike: Where do you want it to go?
Tim Sackton: I mean, just run around the… it has to… it has to end its turn as far away from me as it can.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: D&d Vuons is about to break my computer. What's… stop it!
Audio shared by Mike: Is somebody al- what is… what is going on?
Mike: Is somebody else moving it?
Mike: It's just very scary. I'm not moving it!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's, it's running.
Audio shared by Mike: I…
Tim Sackton: It's running!
Mike: It's, like, literally, appears to be possessed. I do not know what's happening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god.
Mike: I'm not moving it.
Tim Sackton: Here, it was here. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what the…
Mike: Yeah, that's, dirty.
Tim Sackton: 7, 8, 9.
Mike: 30, 30 feet, though, 6, 6, 6, 6.
Tim Sackton: It's devastating.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. That's about as far away from me as it can get.
Audio shared by Mike: Save it, that square.
Tim Sackton: Because I'm not cap… Polar Bear gets a…
Mike: I can make any type of opportunity. Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dump it.
Tim Sackton: and…
David S. Kong: Come on!
David S. Kong: Dammit!
David S. Kong: 16.
Mike: 16.
David S. Kong: 17.
Mike: That, again, it's like, as it's flying by you, it, like.
Audio shared by Mike: It's like.
Mike: Icy body, like, thickens, and your claw bounces off it.
David S. Kong: Resistance to my attacks?
Tim Sackton: It also has to… it also has to make a deck save for the Conjure.
Audio shared by Mike: I didn't.
Tim Sackton: Well, because it crosses through the conjure field, so it enters a space that's within…
Mike: No, that's not how cut…
Mike: Conjures is… if you start your turn in the Conjure, you only take damage if you also end your turn in the Conjure.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: That's how you always ran Contra Animals for dealt with, at least.
Mike: And that's always made sense to me, because otherwise it would be too…
Tim Sackton: You're supposed.
Mike: To be able to escape.
Tim Sackton: You can escape it on your turn if you run away from it. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, R.
Audio shared by Mike: Steps.
Audio shared by Mike: here, and flings a thought, drain.
Mike: You take 6 points of cold damage.
Kate Sackton: is… it slings.
Mike: Oh, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, wrong R, wrong R.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's the one…
Tim Sackton: Generally are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe that's it.
Mike: that.
Kate Sackton: That was odd.
Audio shared by Mike: Wait.
Tim Sackton: It should be the one next to Justice, that's all.
Mike: It is, yeah, correct. That's… that's supposed to be. I… they're backwards on my thing, but it's the one next to Justice. What Tracy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): one.
Audio shared by Mike: So that misses.
Audio shared by Mike: Its second attack also misses.
Audio shared by Mike: And it… Screams at you.
Audio shared by Mike: with a distracting…
Mike: Howl.
Mike: Make a con- make a concentration check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is that? Is that a Kensei?
Audio shared by Mike: Fine, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's a 4, I don't think the inspiration's gonna help.
Tim Sackton: unlikely to.
Tim Sackton: Just retest Spirit Guardian.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly. That's…
Mike: Felt goes away.
Mike: And it's your turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice glares at the emanation, or at the, the snow next to him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it makes more sense to recast Spirit Guardians and to walk to the right, because I can get all four of the Living Snows with it, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): conceivably do a bonus attack. Does that…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that seems plausible, although I'm… yeah, I mean, the living snows are killable, so… That's good to know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did we figure out the pattern for when they do and don't take damage?
Tim Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean…
Tim Sackton: They've taken damage. They… one of them was killed by the sprite.
Tim Sackton: They've not taken damage from any of the…
Tim Sackton: Weapon… for any of the weapon attacks.
Tim Sackton: accept that.
Kate Sackton: Any of those specially charged.
Kate Sackton: The specially charged arrow that… YOLO used… did some damage, right?
Tim Sackton: the… the psionic… did damage, but the era didn't. Rolla damaged them.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The polar bear has kept missing, but I don't know if that's just because they have a really high AC.
Mike: They all… they all seem, I mean, they almost seem, each one, to be, like… slightly… similar, like…
Mike: The one that appeared by drain had a slightly…
Mike: echoey look of Drain, the one that appeared by Finian had a slightly echoey look of Finian, etc. They all seemed to almost be slightly… like, they reminded you of yourself just a little bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is very useful, but not enough of a hint for my slow brain.
Kate Sackton: Try hurting somebody else's one?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I like that. I'm gonna recast Spirit Guardians.
Tim Sackton: Spirit Guardian Bonus Action Attack is your best move here.
Audio shared by Mike: I…
Tim Sackton: I think… they seem to have been protecting the beast, so I think we've gotta… I don't think we can just ignore them and attack the beast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, I cast Spirit Guardians!
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Zah, it's back up again.
Mike: I probably should have deleted it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The guy next to me makes a save, and then I am headed… Headed off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm a happy little adventure.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: Okay, so the guy next to you makes, what kind of stuff?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 14… DC14 Wisdom. Okay.
Mike: I brought an agent.
Mike: Oh, and then you go over here. Hold on a second, hold on. The…
Mike: the one marked R as the Spirit Guardians go past it.
Mike: It's almost like.
Audio shared by Mike: Well, let's see.
Mike: It… it tries to step out of the way, and it's almost like the snow around it entangles it and trips it.
Mike: And it cannot escape the Spirit Guardians.
Tim Sackton: So they still have, like, half damage if they make the save, by the way.
Mike: Wow, okay. So…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's my bad from last round, I missed that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's a great thing about Spirit Guardians.
Mike: Yeah, okay. So, tell me how the half damage.
Audio shared by Mike: The one…
Audio shared by Mike: The one at the bottom?
Audio shared by Mike: It just pushes the Guardians away, and it takes no damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, how about… let's see, how about E?
Mike: and E.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm getting close to E.
Audio shared by Mike: E fails at safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many 3D8s do you need me to roll?
Mike: just one, I mean, it can be the same date, you don't need to roll it separately for all of them.
Mike: Good, that's solid damage. I'll take… yeah, I'll take that.
Mike: Let's see, made it save, hold on.
Audio shared by Mike: That one of them, the one that was next to you, dies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yay!
Mike: What kind of damage is it?
Tim Sackton: Radiant.
Audio shared by Mike: And you said it was 16 damage?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: And…
Audio shared by Mike: Wait, what did I… did I say E made it save, or… I can't remember.
Mike: One of them…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But E failed, F made it.
Mike: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): R&E failed.
Mike: Yep, so they all take damage.
Mike: Except awesome.
Mike: Which seems Not take any damage, somehow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good to know. And then I… bonus action attack, E.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With my bottle axe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And roll a 23.
Mike: 23… hold on.
Tim Sackton: They're, like, here.
Mike: 20th.
Mike: 23 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, good. Great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is… 10 points of slashing damage.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does it appear to take the damage?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you, you head… As you…
Mike: End your trend there, you take 6 points of cold damage.
Audio shared by Mike: Awesome.
Mike: Yolo's turn.
Tim Sackton: Eric, you there?
Kate Sackton: He's… he left a note saying, baby.
Mike: reset.
Kate Sackton: He left.
Mike: Do you want to just roll for him?
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Audio shared by Mike: Go ahead.
David S. Kong: digital.
Tim Sackton: Why doesn't… why doesn't YOLO attack.
Mike: R or F.
Tim Sackton: Or keep attacking the beast. But I think the beast has a higher AC the more of these snow creatures are around.
David S. Kong: Who's he attacking?
Tim Sackton: Hey, attack F.
David S. Kong: 17, plus something, plus a modifier.
Mike: 17 hits. The arrow just flies past its defenses.
David S. Kong: How much damage?
Mike: 1d… Wow.
Tim Sackton: 1D6 plus 4.
Mike: And this is piercing damage, right?
David S. Kong: Yep.
David S. Kong: 6, 10, hell yeah!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nice.
David S. Kong: Killing, killing you.
Mike: The arrow just flies through it, and, like, pieces of ice come flying off the thing, pieces of snow come flying off the thing, like, it's just like…
Mike: It does way more damage than you'd expect.
Tim Sackton: do it again with Advantage.
David S. Kong: With advantage, so I roll 2 D20s?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 2020s, yup.
David S. Kong: Yeah, 16 is my highest one.
Mike: teams ahead.
Tim Sackton: 7, so 23.
Mike: Yeah, nope, that 16 was enough to.
Tim Sackton: Actually, it should be higher than that. It's plus 9.
Mike: Yeah, 16 hits.
Mike: And then how much damage?
Tim Sackton: 96 plus 4 again. Yep.
David S. Kong: 7 damage.
Mike: Again, it… it goes… the air goes flying through it, like… like,
Mike: Whirlwind, and the whole thing just collapses.
Tim Sackton: Oh, VEX chain is over. Gopher!
Tim Sackton: our… I can't remember which ones are the most damaged. Go for… go for our failed to save on Spirit Guardians, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Eden may be more dangerous.
Tim Sackton: E might be more damaged, go for E.
David S. Kong: Who are you talking to?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One more crossbow bolt?
Tim Sackton: One more car.
David S. Kong: on this one. Yolo's attacked twice.
Mike: You get the third.
Tim Sackton: Joel gets 3 attacks with a bonus action. I might have to, like, fly down to here or something so that we have a clear shot around the polar bear.
David S. Kong: This one's not… no advantage on this one, though.
Tim Sackton: No advantage, because the VEX chain's over.
David S. Kong: Aw, man, luck can last forever. 7, so that's plus 916.
Mike: That hits.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Mike: The arrow, it's almost like, it's almost like the beast is…
Audio shared by Mike: It, like, it's like… yellow feels like there's almost a bullseye painted on this guy.
David S. Kong: Smart image.
David S. Kong: Wait, so what is he… why is Yellow hitting everything and, Echo is missing everything?
Tim Sackton: I think you're not supposed to attack the one that's a… Assigned to you.
David S. Kong: Hmm…
Audio shared by Mike: That one dies.
Audio shared by Mike: Drain, you're up.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Kate Sackton: I send my… for Rala to attack Snow R.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: That is… a…
Kate Sackton: 15 plus the thing that I'm supposed to add.
Kate Sackton: Which is my…
Kate Sackton: God only knows what, some number on this stupid sheet. Anyway…
Mike: That, that helps.
Mike: 50 plus something, yeah, because this is Meiway attack, right?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Yep, that hits.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so it does the 1D4 plus 9, is it?
Mike: Yep.
Kate Sackton: So that's 2 plus times 11.
Audio shared by Mike: Who has auto-win?
Mike: That's your fake.
Tim Sackton: That's my fae.
Mike: How much damage, Kate? 11, you said?
Kate Sackton: 11.
Mike: Okay?
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Audio shared by Mike: That's one… that's your bonus action.
Kate Sackton: It's a bonus action.
Kate Sackton: then I…
Kate Sackton: What do you feel… what do we think? Should I keep going after the snow, or go after the beast snow? You've got… no, go after the beast, you've got a hundredth mark on the beast.
Kate Sackton: That's what I thought, but…
Kate Sackton: Alright, yes, my hunters Mark and I are going to attack the beast with my longbow.
Audio shared by Mike: Hold on a…
Tim Sackton: Maybe, maybe retreat a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Also…
Kate Sackton: My first roll was only a 15.
Mike: that misses.
Kate Sackton: Yep, so… did my next attack…
Audio shared by Mike: Wait, oh yeah, you used your bonus action for your… for your beast.
Audio shared by Mike: That's 20.
Mike: That hits.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Mike: Finney and then Echo.
Kate Sackton: So that's… 9 from the longbow.
Kate Sackton: And… isn't there something from the Hunter's Mark?
Tim Sackton: 26.
Mike: Wendy's.
Kate Sackton: Which is just a 1.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: All right. Okay. Tim? Finian?
Tim Sackton: So, I will use my…
Tim Sackton: Dissonant Whispers, using… yeah, that's fine. Using the… not a… not a spell slot, just using the,
Tim Sackton: They touched ability, targeting the last
Tim Sackton: Living Snow are trying to… well, the last one that's here, close by, trying to make it
Tim Sackton: Run. That's a DC-15 wisdom saving throw.
Mike: Targeting R…
Tim Sackton: R, yep.
Mike: It fails.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it takes… 15 points of… Wait, 10 points of…
Tim Sackton: Psychic damage, and it has to, use its, reaction, if available, to, again.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, it's dead. Yep, it's dead.
Tim Sackton: Okay, never mind then.
Mike: Never mind his reaction.
Tim Sackton: Congratulations.
Mike: die.
Tim Sackton: If I will… not use my bone… Is anybody wounded?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not really.
Mike: Doesn't hurt?
Tim Sackton: Who?
Mike: Kate's pretty badly hurt.
Mike: Yeah, I have 20 out of my 52 hit points. Justice is reasonably badly hurt.
Tim Sackton: I'll use a bonus action healing word.
Tim Sackton: Since that wasn't a spell slot.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be…
Mike: Oh!
Tim Sackton: that was.
Audio shared by Mike: Really bad, right?
Tim Sackton: 7 points of healing for.
Mike: Don, what… what's Echo doing?
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
David S. Kong: So, I, I need…
Kate Sackton: Feel the warmth.
David S. Kong: I need to change my strategy here, because whoever I was attacking, I keep missing no matter what I roll.
David S. Kong: I don't know about myself.
Tim Sackton: Go run and attack the beast.
Audio shared by Mike: They're kind of all dead now, except for the beast, and one hiding.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright.
David S. Kong: I will do that. I will… well, actually, let me first move… My thing into the beast.
Tim Sackton: And just jump on top of it with your jump.
David S. Kong: Yeah, and I will… well, let me… let me do the first… the… the… so deck save for the beast.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: What, it's DC15?
David S. Kong: Yep.
Mike: 15, it makes DC15.
Mike: rip.
David S. Kong: Alright, then, echo will pounce on the beast.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: And…
Audio shared by Mike: for…
David S. Kong: I don't have advantage or anything, right?
Audio shared by Mike: Nope.
David S. Kong: Alright, first attack… Plus 7, give me something good… 20.
Audio shared by Mike: That hits.
David S. Kong: Yes, and I do DA plus 5… So that does…
David S. Kong: 8 points of damage, second attack… 20 again!
Mike: Is that it?
David S. Kong: And then… I do another… 6 points of damage.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: The beast stands up, and it…
Audio shared by Mike: It…
Audio shared by Mike: It… let's see…
Tim Sackton: wrong.
Tim Sackton: Can you just end your turn… end your turn, like, slightly around the corner, so Justice has room to move into Melee if he wants to?
Tim Sackton: Like, she's…
Mike: Like, right there. As this last…
Mike: snow beast, like, flows back to the beast. It, like…
Mike: it seems to shake away from its distraction. Like it was, in some sense, keeping, maintaining, or using some of its energy to maintain these things. And it lashes out with a… first of all, it stares at…
Mike: Binion.
Audio shared by Mike: Make a con saving throw.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna use Lucky to roll with Advantage.
Tim Sackton: Didn't need the advantage. 22.
Mike: For the third time in a row, somebody stares down the beast, and…
Mike: does not, shakes off whatever this chilling gaze is. But then…
Audio shared by Mike: It… hurls ice?
Audio shared by Mike: Cats.
Audio shared by Mike: Finian?
Audio shared by Mike: As this bulk of ice comes flying at you, you take 12 points of cold damage, 18 points, sorry, 18 points of cold damage.
Mike: And… it…
Mike: Throws another, like, ice is just, like, falling off its body, and it hurls another thing of ice.
Mike: cats.
Audio shared by Mike: Ecker, at… YOLO.
Audio shared by Mike: Let me know you… oh, no, I know yours, AC.
Audio shared by Mike: 16.
Audio shared by Mike: So, yellow takes…
Mike: 16 points of cold damage.
Mike: And… It ends its turn.
Mike: Kalima Hides. Justice!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will move first. Here we go. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which means the, emanations hit the beast.
Tim Sackton: set. Yep.
Mike: What's sorry, what's the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): DC14 wisdom.
Mike: I rolled a… Yeah, April the 15th.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bummer. And then…
Mike: Right? Half damage.
Tim Sackton: Captain.
Mike: Half damage, it takes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do, that's right. Let me roll that real quick.
Mike: And hold on, did I… did I forget to… did you do the… I can't remember if I rolled for the.
Tim Sackton: What? I also forgot the face spirits turn on my last turn, but that's okay, that's my problem.
Mike: You said it was 16 halved, is it 8?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 15.5 is 8, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Radio?
Tim Sackton: 165 to 17.
Mike: 15.5 to 7, but yeah, close.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): down rather than up, that's a bummer.
Mike: Everyone's done. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unless they're attacking me, in which case, that's very fair.
Mike: Exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I'm a new cast,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): guiding bolts, and I will, let me think about that for a sec.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna upcast that at second level…
Audio shared by Mike: So, I make an attack roll…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I roll, 14? Is that a hit?
Audio shared by Mike: Wait, no, no, that's it, no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I add my inspirate, my barge?
Mike: You can roll Bard deck, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why is that?
Tim Sackton: But the… the age…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 4?
Mike: That hits!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's 18 altogether, great, that's 5d8.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 21… And it is.
Mike: Badly hurt at this point, like, you can see, like, ice is falling off it.
Mike: It's like.
Audio shared by Mike: It's, like, limping and… And, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Like, steam is, like, almost… like, cold frost is, like, coming out of it.
Audio shared by Mike: That's the end of your turn?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's it.
Audio shared by Mike: YOLO.
Audio shared by Mike: Eric's…
Tim Sackton: Oh, you wanna…
Tim Sackton: You wanna roll for YOLO?
Tim Sackton: We did well last time.
Kate Sackton: You're muted.
Mike: But you're muted.
David S. Kong: Okay, any, any advantage, or just, just rolling?
Mike: Straight roll.
Tim Sackton: So you roll for the first hit. If you hit, you can start the next change.
Mike: You have a plus 9.
Audio shared by Mike: 17 plus 9, 26.
Mike: Badheads.
David S. Kong: 6, plus…
Audio shared by Mike: D6 plus 5, plus you can use a psychic bone boost to do another D6, I think.
David S. Kong: 9 damage, let's do another D6 damage.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah, another 5, that's 11 damage.
David S. Kong: Second attack.
Mike: No, it's dead.
David S. Kong: Dude.
Mike: Bars to the ground, as y'all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow.
David S. Kong: Okay, yellow's kind of a G, I get it.
Mike: And… As it collapses, Hey, you managed to keep Kalima alive, too, that was clever of you.
Mike: As it collapses, hold on, I gotta find my… switch up the music.
Mike: As it collapses, you see, in the center of the room, a…
Mike: you… first of all, as it collapses, the wind stops as the beast falls dead. The wind, like, the howling that you could still hear from the blackness that you fell down into this pit from, ends.
Audio shared by Mike: And you start to see, like.
Mike: The ice and frost on the walls start to…
Mike: start to, like, weep like they're melting. And in the center of this almost arena, you start to see, like.
Audio shared by Mike: Granted.
Mike: like a granite…
Audio shared by Mike: section, like, the ice is vanishing, and there's, like, granite appearing, and as you watch, it… it's like the…
Mike: The ice is, like, sublimating off the granite, and it's actually softening and turning to… to… to Earth.
Audio shared by Mike: And you see it sort of…
Mike: Splitting, and you can smell…
Mike: Like, a dirt, like a natural dirt smell, and like a cold earth smell coming out of this…
Audio shared by Mike: This crack as the, sort of, this tunnel opens in the floor.
Kate Sackton: So there's a pleasant, earthy-smelling tunnel developing right under my feet.
Mike: Yes.
Kate Sackton: I step to the side to make sure we know where we're going.
Tim Sackton: it's… it's… the tunnel is growing in size? Like, the floor is melting, or it's just weird?
Mike: It started as a crack, and it's spreading, but it stops when it's maybe… like…
Mike: You know, a manhole cover size.
Mike: And so there's, like, a granite… but the granite, the ice is melting away. And, like, so that… the whole room, which used to be, like, snowy and frost-covered, the frost on the ground is, like, sublimating away.
Mike: And you can see, like, like.
Mike: Where it was granite has become, sort of… Earth.
Mike: and has opened up, and you can see, like, it's… it's… it's a pathway, right? It's going down into the… into the dirt.
Kate Sackton: And our other theoretical exit would be back up the sort of slide thing that we slid down, or is that no longer there because it was made out of ice?
Kate Sackton: there.
Mike: You could climb back into the labyrinth, I guess, yes, you could go that way.
Kate Sackton: Just making sure that it was still there. Yeah.
Mike: Yes, it's still there.
Kate Sackton: They like the hole better. Everybody want to go down this hole?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do it!
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: to react?
Mike: Oh my…
Audio shared by Mike: I wanted to go talk to her, and…
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just ask…
Mike: Cheat!
Tim Sackton: See how she's doing right now.
Mike: She… she kind of is… huddled.
Mike: dinner.
Mike: against the wall,
Mike: not even… she hasn't even looked up, like, the whole combat, she was just, like, huddled in a ball, like, with her face between her legs, and… and staring into the… like, and just, like, trying to be as small as possible.
Mike: As the, the sort of noise and… and…
Mike: Sound of battle roared around her.
Mike: So you go over to her, and…
Tim Sackton: So I wanted to tell her the beast is dead, and then…
Tim Sackton: basically ask if there's any… like, what's the… what are the legends, what's the stories about what happens?
Mike: must be…
Tim Sackton: Myths, at least, of people Of the labyrinth and the end.
Audio shared by Mike: So when you, when you, like, tap her on the shoulder and…
Mike: Teller the Beast is dead. She…
Audio shared by Mike: She sort of looks up for a minute, and before even answering your question, she sort of looks around, and when she sees the.
Mike: the…
Audio shared by Mike: tunnel, like, when she sees the sort of earthen space in the center of the labyrinth.
Mike: She… she, like, yelps.
Audio shared by Mike: like.
Mike: Excitedly, in a way, almost? Like…
Audio shared by Mike: And.
Mike: And shouts,
Mike: this… This let out, and runs towards it.
Tim Sackton: Let's follow her.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I thought you might like that. Let's follow her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you want to do any looking around this space before we leave? I'm…
Kate Sackton: I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): expert, I don't know, some sort of, like, a token, or a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Memento, or, like, a bit of the beast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice would want to bring that back with him.
Tim Sackton: I'm also gonna… I'm gonna use my magic item to…
Audio shared by Mike: Are you gonna try and… Kalima's, like, running into the tunnel. Are you…
Mike: Saying anything to her, you're just letting her run into the tunnel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just a sec, Klima, just one, wait, just one… one second, one second, we…
Tim Sackton: I'll just say, let's go together, and, like, try and grab her hand, but my…
Tim Sackton: My ability is only a… it's a magic action, so it takes 6 seconds.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Your ability is, what, 3 true facts about something.
Tim Sackton: I learned 3 true facts about the beast.
Mike: Okay? I'm looking around.
Kate Sackton: for my arrows while I'm… while this is happening.
Mike: Well, you, you collected a whole bunch of errors from the,
Mike: But yeah, you can recover half your arrows, I don't remember how many you shot, but you also collected… you took 20 or 30 arrows from the corpse, right?
Kate Sackton: Waste not, blot knot not.
Mike: Yeah. Koima, like, as you, like, grab her hand and sort of stay to wait, I mean, she would wait for…
Mike: a few sec… she's like, I don't know how long it'll last, it's time to go.
Mike: She's very, very, very hesitant to stay for more than a couple of
Mike: seconds. Like, she's… she's terrified, and almost, sort of, a little bit…
Mike: out of her mind, and… and desperately wants to run through the tunnel. So, she would, like, pause for a minute as you grab her hand, and, like.
Mike: You'd have enough time to… cast your… use your magic item. But if you wanna, like…
Tim Sackton: I'm basically just telling her, you know, We… we've…
Tim Sackton: Sticking together is what got us to this point so far.
Tim Sackton: And… You think it's safe, but it might not be.
Tim Sackton: This could be another one of… Zephya's tracks.
Tim Sackton: So let's just give us a moment, and let's go together.
Mike: Make a… make a precision check.
Kate Sackton: my arrows, I could just go with her.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, it'll take… okay, well, she pauses for a minute, then. She's like… she, like, catches her breath and, like…
Mike: Sort of holds on to…
Mike: justice for a minute, like, holding onto your shield or something, and, like, pauses, and, like, catches her breath, and is, like.
Mike: be quicker.
Mike: Last time, I… I don't know how long it'll last.
Mike: I saw this before.
Mike: Last time.
Tim Sackton: So I'll use my magic action while justice, hopefully, in less than…
Audio shared by Mike: 30 seconds can…
Tim Sackton: grab some.
Mike: You're just trying to, like, carve a piece off the…
Tim Sackton: cut off its claw or something, I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I think he wants to take a claw with him, but I'd love to take a round to just investigate, see if I can come up with
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, that's my default, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anything to it? I don't know, like, is there a magic gem in its forehead powering it? Is there a…
David S. Kong: Right. Take the head, and then wear it.
Mike: The hat… the hat's pretty big. Make a… make a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, big enough to wear as a helmet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's what I'm saying. Because I would totally… like, does it have giant horn things? I would definitely make a helmet.
David S. Kong: on that?
Mike: So, it's… it's basically, like, a huge… like, it's about a 10-foot-tall…
Mike: white, shaggy beast. I mean, think kind of like a Yeti. It has,
Mike: Like, these ice blue eyes.
Mike: which look almost like sapphires. And then this, like, gaping maw, and then its arms, which are starting to melt, are, like, sharp, solid ice, and, like, it would fling pieces of its arm at you, and then it would grow back during combat. But now they're all just melting away. And so it's like…
Mike: it's… it doesn't really have… its claws are all made of ice, but its fur… so its fur is, like, only its body, right? And it's, like… it doesn't have horns, but it does have this, like, gaping maw with… with big teeth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, I think Justice is, with a single mighty swing of the enormous battleaxe, gonna cleave its head off in one blow and carry that out with him.
David S. Kong: You should also… you should take the fur and make, like, a fucking sweet, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would, but we're so short on time.
Mike: I mean…
Tim Sackton: The head is crazy, just take the head.
Mike: If you want to skin it, it would take you a lot more than the, like, 30 seconds to a minute that Kalima's willing to wait. That would take you, like, 20 minutes, probably, to skin it.
David S. Kong: I say we stay, skim it, and then get the sweet coat, and then we'll see what happens with Kalima.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm… Well, with… with the heaven.
David S. Kong: Sweet beast.
David S. Kong: Hold it up. Like, bathrobe, like… Come on.
Mike: 3 true facts about the beast. I probably should've… I knew you were gonna do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It explodes.
Tim Sackton: I told you I was gonna.
Mike: I, I didn't…
Tim Sackton: last session.
Mike: I know, I did have time to actually come up with the exact… I mean, I know what the Beast is, I know how to… but I didn't actually come up with the 3-2 fact, so I just did think for a minute. The Beast…
Mike: was… born…
Mike: through…
Mike: The beast was… was born, of a fake curse.
Mike: the Beast,
Mike: the… Hold on, I gotta… where's my… the beasts…
Mike: the Beast's Master?
Mike: Is for… is for Quarian the Frostbinder?
Mike: And the beast…
Mike: the Beast…
Mike: can never truly die while the labyrinth stands.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, interesting.
Tim Sackton: Get outta here.
David S. Kong: That seems really hard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice takes a second look at its head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it looks real dead, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, alright.
David S. Kong: And isn't that… it's just the Beast Master. There's another… there's some of these… the Beast is just the…
Tim Sackton: Some other… the beast is gonna reform from ice or something.
Tim Sackton: But we're gonna escape the labyrinth, so we don't have to care about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: For now.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, Justice is just gonna have to deal with the fact that there's other people with Beasthead accessories, and, you know…
Kate Sackton: They were… they're a renewable resource, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You try to have a really unique look, but sometimes it happens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's get out of here.
Tim Sackton: Let's get out of here.
Mike: Salad.
Mike: You go through the tunnel, It twists and turns a couple of times.
Mike: kalima… But it's not… I mean, it's… it's…
Mike: It's a little narrow, crawling through it,
Mike: But, it's not really that hard to, to crawl through.
Mike: And… After about…
Mike: 10 minutes of sort of… it's… it's… it's odd. You're, like, in the dark. I mean, you have your light spell, but you're in the dark. It's not very clear where the…
Mike: Where the.
Audio shared by Mike: It's not very clear where the… the…
Audio shared by Mike: tunnel is going, it twists a few times, it splits once, but, you know, one branch is clearly a dead end. It's… it's like cold, permafrosty kind of earth that you're… that you're crawling through.
Audio shared by Mike: And after… maybe 10 minutes.
Mike: You emerge from this tunnel.
Mike: Which seems to almost vanish into snow and ice behind you.
Audio shared by Mike: As you find yourself staring… standing on a strange and narrow pathway on a cliff face.
Audio shared by Mike: The sun hangs low in the sky, above you, although it's barely peeking through these dense, gray, late winter… late afternoon winter clouds hanging across the sky.
Mike: And you're on a… you're on a cliff face, right? So, you're looking…
Audio shared by Mike: You're standing on a narrow path carved into a cliff.
Audio shared by Mike: You know, looking out.
Mike: Over this big empty space.
Audio shared by Mike: You can't see the other side, there's, like, fog hanging, but floating in the empty space?
Mike: are 3 massive rocks, like… the size of…
Audio shared by Mike: I don't know, a city block, or even bigger. On one of the three rocks is an elaborate
Audio shared by Mike: Palace of Ice.
Audio shared by Mike: It's like, it… it looks like maybe it has…
Mike: 50 rooms, and it has… it's not defensive, I mean, it's floating on a rock in the middle of the… in the middle of the… of a chasm.
Audio shared by Mike: carved out of ice, it has 3 towers that…
Mike: That sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: come up and then form together in, like, a peak at the top. And there's, like, a…
Audio shared by Mike: chamber at the top, of the three towers, as where they… where they join together. They're, like, arched inward.
Audio shared by Mike: On one of the, stone… one of the stones, you can see one of these giant rocks you can see floating in the chasm, is…
Audio shared by Mike: A… there's a small pond… you can see, like, there's a small pond.
Audio shared by Mike: Mostly frozen over, but with a little bit of water. There's some cattle grazing on it. There's, like, sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: rough grass, long-haired, shaggy cattle that you would see up in the, sort of, Lavnock Plateau, the highlands south of here.
Audio shared by Mike: But there's maybe 50 or 60 cattle grazing on this giant rock floating in the chasm, and then the third rock…
Mike: is, like, oddly and unconsciously lush. There's, like, trees growing and, like, like.
Audio shared by Mike: thick plants growing, and you can see steam. There's, like, from the center of it, there's, like, a column of steam sort of bubbling up. And there's, like, a rope bridge that goes… the ice rock is totally isolated, there's no…
Audio shared by Mike: It's not connected to anything, but the other two rocks are connected by these…
Audio shared by Mike: Roughly made rope bridges, which then,
Audio shared by Mike: run into the cliff, although you can't quite see, it's like…
Mike: it goes up a little bit, right? So you… something on the cliff face ahead above you is where the…
Audio shared by Mike: The rope bridge connects.
Mike: And there's a path!
Mike: It's about 100, maybe 30… 50 to 100 feet up.
Audio shared by Mike: from where you're standing, maybe more like 50 feet up from where you're standing. There's a… there's a switchback path carved in the… in the, in the side of the cliff.
Audio shared by Mike: going up.
Mike: And you can see, like, Along the path, there's these holes in the cliff.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, that look, like, chiseled out, or dug out.
David S. Kong: Like, handholds?
Audio shared by Mike: They're big. They're like…
Audio shared by Mike: that big. So it's a… it's a switchbacked path cut in the side of the cliff. There's no… it's only, like…
Audio shared by Mike: this wide, so, you know, it's only… so it's a little bit nerve-wracking walking on it, because, like, off to the left-hand side is… as far as you can tell, you can… not… I mean, it's snow below you, right? Like, it's a… it almost looks like the other side of the storm that you saw when you first came in.
Audio shared by Mike: It's the same vibe, it's like this infinite snowy weather.
Mike: Beneath you.
Audio shared by Mike: the path is… it sort of goes up maybe 15 feet, and then switchbacks, and then 15 feet, and switchbacks. There's maybe 10 switchbacks to go up, or 20 switch… even more, 15 switchbacks to go up 50 feet. So it's not that steep.
David S. Kong: Flying?
Mike: Yeah, you could fly.
Audio shared by Mike: Nothing's… I mean, you could jump off the side and fly, as far as you can tell, it seems… I mean, there's a gray fog out across, so, like, past these three floating rocks is only a gray fog.
Mike: Like, you can't really see…
Tim Sackton: How far away is the Ice Palace?
Mike: The Ice Palace is maybe… 200… 150 feet?
Mike: 200 feet?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I… I will… I will, like, gather everybody and say… I assume we're gonna climb and…
Tim Sackton: But… and I look over at my summoned Faye, which lasts for an hour.
Tim Sackton: My little friend here can fly.
Tim Sackton: And speak still then.
Tim Sackton: Anybody object if I send him to…
Tim Sackton: Explore the palace while we do something else.
Mike: Can you telepathically communicate, or does it have to come back?
Tim Sackton: Has to come back and talk.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: might just totally vanish. And in fact, it only speaks Sylvan.
Tim Sackton: So, unless somebody speaks Sylvan, I can't actually understand it, but it understands me, and it can, like, draw and stuff.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: But maybe somebody speaks Sylvan.
Kate Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Good, that's great. Saves me a trip.
Kate Sackton: I speak seldom.
Tim Sackton: So, I will tell the mirthful face spirit to… Lie across.
Tim Sackton: But what's the name of the… Beast's master?
Kate Sackton: Tapped in icy pants.
Mike: Barquarian the Frostbinder.
Tim Sackton: fly across.
Tim Sackton: And… Oops, my headphones died. Can you hear me?
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Fly across, introduce himself.
Tim Sackton: as a messenger from… and I'm just gonna try and think about the…
Tim Sackton: What's the furthest distance fae realm that Finian knows? It's probably…
Tim Sackton: somewhere over by Chartan, or something like that, the… the… Meh.
Kate Sackton: Good morning.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't matter. It's in the lore of the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: Gotta look up, look up the book.
Tim Sackton: A messenger from Gleam Water.
Tim Sackton: Seeking an audience with… Frostbinder guy.
Mike: Aquarian.
Tim Sackton: for Aquarian.
Tim Sackton: Be polite.
Tim Sackton: The Fae speaks Sylvan, so communicate in Sylvan.
Tim Sackton: If nobody's there, just come back.
Tim Sackton: And if… If they… if you talk to anybody.
Tim Sackton: You know, do your best to make an excuse and get out of there in 45 minutes.
Tim Sackton: So we still have, like, 10 minutes to talk to you when you get back.
Mike: What's the, that's the sum total of your… of your…
Mike: Oh, you're… wait, Conjure… oh, no, that's the wrong… sorry, this is Conjure Fae Spirit, not Conjure Faye.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the things… Charisma is 16, Intelligence is 14, so it's like, you know… That's what I was trying to look up. It gets the vibe of my instructions, right?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Scout, try and blend in, try to learn what you can.
Tim Sackton: You know…
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Summon Faye, that's the spell I was looking for.
Mike: And this is a mirthful Faye.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, make it crispy!
Mike: Just, let's, let's, let's…
Tim Sackton: Sorry, I want to check.
Audio shared by Mike: Just roll a D20 and add the phase charisma to it.
Audio shared by Mike: 16 plus.
Tim Sackton: Three.
Mike: Yep, okay.
Audio shared by Mike: So I'll…
Mike: The Fae flies off.
Mike: what are the rest of you doing? Kalima…
Tim Sackton: I will give it my last.
Audio shared by Mike: inspiration.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: In case it has to make any more checks.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay?
Audio shared by Mike: Kalima, as do you like.
Audio shared by Mike: Up here.
Mike: Here, come out on the cliff face here, sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: looks at Finney and Injustice and is like, Come.
Audio shared by Mike: Wait.
Audio shared by Mike: I… She's like, I never thought…
Audio shared by Mike: I don't know how I'm back here.
Audio shared by Mike: How I'm back home.
Mike: Code.
Audio shared by Mike: come at… If Zipher… finds you, I… I don't think… he'll be happy.
Audio shared by Mike: Cut.
Mike: Stay hidden. Stay hidden if you can.
Audio shared by Mike: K… kick.
Mike: Can your… can your friends be less conspicuous?
Mike: Who's gonna see us?
Audio shared by Mike: Come, come to…
Mike: Come to my sister's.
Audio shared by Mike: Come with me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we'll go. Yeah, of course.
Tim Sackton: YOLO's… YOLO will use his, masked form to…
Tim Sackton: Shapeshift for 3 hours into a human.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: who's gonna…
Audio shared by Mike: The, the, the village!
Audio shared by Mike: Not… not all of them are,
Audio shared by Mike: Cypher's, zaifa's…
Audio shared by Mike: Some…
Mike: We'll tell a view to Xypher.
Audio shared by Mike: As soon as they can.
Mike: Stay hidden.
Audio shared by Mike: Eric, you missed, YOLO killing the beast with a shot to the head?
Audio shared by Mike: And justice cutting its head off and carrying it around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put it in a backpack by now, you know.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I rolled for.
David S. Kong: And didn't miss. I hit, like, 5 times. Little out of damage.
David S. Kong: You can pick me later.
Audio shared by Mike: You are now…
Mike: on a cliff.
Mike: On a switchback, leading up the side of a cliff.
Mike: With looking out across a chasm, with 3 giant stones floating in the chasm, one of them with an ice palace, one of them with a lush
Mike: forest slash cropland, you see some, like, food growing, and with that steam coming out of it, and one of them with some… a frozen pond, or a partially frozen pond, and a bunch of highland cattle.
Kate Sackton: So… Can we ask Kalima if this is the view she's used to looking at from home?
Mike: Yeah, she seems, like, totally… yeah, this seems very normal. This is home and very normal, but she's, like, hushing you, like, don't let anybody see you when we get to the top, stay hidden, stay wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): William, where can you hide us for at least a few hours? Where can we lay low?
Mike: My sister will… not tell anybody.
Mike: We'll go to her house.
David S. Kong: I want to ask her, while we're walking who lives in the palace.
Mike: Zifa.
David S. Kong: When she says home, is she talking generally about this whole area, or specifically the palace?
Mike: No, there's a village, she, like, she's…
Mike: The people, my people, Belusa, it's up, she points.
Mike: The village is up!
David S. Kong: But is she pointing at one of the three floating rocks?
Mike: No, there's, like… as you go up the cliff, sorry, maybe this wasn't clear in my description, like, there's… the cliff recesses quite a bit up 50 feet, so there's, like, there's a switchback going up, but then… the cliff face you're on…
Mike: There's a large… it's like, you can't see, because you're on the… you can't really see, because you're on the face of the cliff, but if you look up, as you look up, it's… there's clearly a big open space.
Mike: on the side of the cliff, before it keeps going up, right? So, like, when you get to the top, there's clearly space,
Mike: as you actually, as you start climbing, you see there's, like, a trickle of water, like a stream trickling down, like, coming from somewhere. So, like.
Mike: She tells you, there's, like, a village on the side of the…
David S. Kong: Got it.
Mike: There's… there's like a…
Mike: You can actually see the rogue bridge going somewhere, too, like, the bridge from one of the… from one of the,
Mike: from one of the floating rocks, goes to the cliff face, but then again, it's like…
Mike: a wide space where the cliff comes up, and then goes like this, and then goes like that, and then goes up again, right? So there's a big flat space on the side of the cliff.
Mike: like a ledge. Like a large ledge.
David S. Kong: Echo will ask her, like, what's on the floating rocks?
David S. Kong: The other two, not the palace.
Mike: Darfoot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How do you get there?
Mike: this rope bridge, I mean, there's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, okay, okay.
Mike: She points, like… the bridges.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't ask the question if I see the bridge.
Mike: I know, I know, I know, I know.
Mike: The only place that's not connected by bridges is the ice palace, which is just floating on its own. I mean, floating rocks in the middle of the chasm are very great chasm. I mean, this is something that Echo would have seen before. It's not, like, unusual, necessarily, if you're exploring the depths of the chasm to come across
Mike: A rock just floating in the sky.
David S. Kong: Oh, so this is not an equal.
Mike: Wow!
Mike: I mean, not unusual, I guess, is not a good way of putting it.
Mike: It's a very chasm-like phenomenon.
David S. Kong: Got it, okay.
Mike: Right.
Mike: I mean, it's definitely unusual, and usually it wouldn't be so…
Mike: I mean, there's something odd going on here, as far as you can see.
Mike: So… you climb up? Are you…
Mike: As you… as you pass by these, like, holes in the… in the side, you can actually see they're, like, they look like…
Mike: Car, like, like,
Mike: chiseled out, like, parts of the wall of the chasm that have been chiseled out. You could actually see, like.
Mike: Marks on the side, and there's, like…
Mike: rock… there's, like, loose rocks at the bottom, and, like, they go in maybe 10 feet. You could actually climb in and, like.
Mike: And, like, maybe hide in here, pull some of your, you know…
Mike: A lot of them are big enough for a person to climb into.
Mike: When they look…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are they for?
Mike: quarrying stone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why don't we… Hiding these.
Mike: She, I mean… If you want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we're safer with your sister?
Tim Sackton: Let's get to the village, at least.
Mike: I think…
Tim Sackton: It starts her somewhere.
Mike: Someone might come down here.
Audio shared by Mike: is not…
Mike: She kind of looks over her shoulder at the palace.
Mike: And kind of traces the line of sight with her eyes.
Mike: It's… it's… it's not… very hidden.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's okay, they're gonna be distracted by the messenger from Gleamwater for a while, so…
Mike: So are you doing… I mean, so you… as you approach the top, like, Kalima motions for you to wait, and, like, goes up herself.
Tim Sackton: Fine.
Mike: and…
Mike: just kind of, like, comes up over the lip. I mean, you can now clearly see there's this big ledge, probably about…
Mike: 500, 600 feet.
Mike: wall, like, a substantial… a substantial ledge, and you can, like, see a little bit of smoke coming up. There's, like, clearly a village and houses here.
Mike: But there's, like, fog, I mean, it's… the sun is kind of pale in the sky, it's, like, late afternoon, it's not,
Mike: It's not a…
Mike: and there's a lot of thick cloud cover, there's a lot of fog drifting around, and there's bits of snow kind of swirling in the air, like it's cold. It feels winter-esque, right?
Mike: Yeah, there's…
Mike: There's not a lot of… so when she… when she… she sort of comes out and sort of walks around, you know.
Mike: She stops, like, when she gets to the top, and then she sort of… motions,
Mike: But also, yeah, she sort of… she actually, when she comes over the top, she sort of lets out almost an involuntary little…
Mike: shout of… soft shout of surprise.
Mike: And, you actually hear her footsteps,
Mike: Going a little bit away, and then…
Mike: She kind of comes over back and looks down at you, sort of waiting on the path, and says.
Mike: something's changed.
Mike: Something's wrong.
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll be reassuring, we can help, we just need a place where we can be hidden and plan for a few… for a little while.
Tim Sackton: We'll… will help, we promise.
Mike: I don't know if you'll be seen. Come quickly, I guess, or… Quietly, if you can.
Tim Sackton: I'll look over at Drain.
Tim Sackton: Can you do that thing again?
Kate Sackton: Can I do that thing again?
Mike: Pass to that, Trace.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I can do that thing again.
Kate Sackton: One more time.
Tim Sackton: Let's do our best to sneak through the escorts of the village to wherever Kleem is leading us.
Mike: So as you come over the top… so everybody makes a stealth check, first of all.
Kate Sackton: I have a plus 10 bonus.
Mike: With a plus 10.
Tim Sackton: Deciding if I want advantage on this.
Kate Sackton: Mine's 27.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna cast Bless on myself before…
Tim Sackton: It doesn't affect skill checks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: It's just saving throws an attack rolls.
Mike: guidance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): guidance? Do I have guidance?
Tim Sackton: EU.
Mike: might, it's a common cleric cantrip.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do have guidance. Oh yeah, excellent.
Tim Sackton: You know what? I'm gonna… I'm gonna give myself advantage. I don't think I need it, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's a 30.
Mike: is,
Eric Rosenbaum: Alo rolled a 1.
Tim Sackton: So that's an elaborate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Total of… 8.
Tim Sackton: So 18 are fine.
Mike: Here.
Mike: Yeah, YOLO's pretty solid.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exceed… I succeed on a natural one, okay.
Kate Sackton: Alright, 23.
Mike: Ed, Kong, are you… Are you a Kenku, a bear, a other creature, or disguised as a human?
David S. Kong: I'm gonna be a cat.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: That's a good idea.
Mike: You have advantage on stealth! Your magic ring lets you take advantage in stealth whenever you're a smaller, smaller creature.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: And cats also, I think, have a good stealth.
David S. Kong: What'd you roll? Sorry, what, the rocks? What color are the rocks?
Mike: The rocks are gray, it's like some sort of granite with streaks of frost.
Mike: Cool. The whole landscape is, like, gray, and… Dismal.
David S. Kong: Kenzo… Kenz, oh my god, Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Fucking, Echo Echo is gonna be, like a gray tabby, like a little gray, gray one.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, you have… you have, plus…
Mike: So, yeah, make a self-check, but add… add…
Mike: So your dex as a cat is 15, so add 10 with… so roll with Advantage, and then add…
Tim Sackton: It's… they have… cats have plus 4 to stealth, so…
Mike: thus far.
Mike: So, row 14 with Advantage.
Mike: Actually, you don't really need to roll. Your minimum roll is good enough to pass the self-check.
David S. Kong: 16 plus 14, it's plus…
Tim Sackton: 30.
Mike: Yeah, so 30.
David S. Kong: I have a 30.
Tim Sackton: That's actually what I got.
David S. Kong: That's also what?
Mike: Wait, Charles, what did you get? Did anybody get less than a 50?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Kate Sackton: No.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: as you come out of the top, so you can see the scene, right? You're coming out relatively close to where this water… this waterfall, I mean, it's only a trickle of water, is coming down, but there's a large pond and a river that's like a…
Mike: a sort of, maybe, large, so, I don't know, maybe 10 feet across and 200 feet long.
Audio shared by Mike: Pond?
Mike: And then there's a…
Mike: a more forceful waterfall coming down off the back cliff. So basically, you're on a ledge, right? And in front of you, as you come off the ledge, there's a cliff face going up into forever.
Mike: There's a waterfall coming down from who knows where, higher than you can see. There's water falling down, and it hits
Mike: The bottom of the ledge with a loud
Mike: with a splash, and there's, like, mist coming up, then it puddles in this pond, and then trickles down. On both your left and right are two…
Mike: clusters… two, sort of, clusters of houses. Maybe about… 100 houses total.
Mike: more on the left than the right. Both sat a little bit away from the… from the pond. And you can see, like, as you're even watching, there's, like, fish jumping in the pond. It seems to be, like, teeming with life.
Mike: And the… There's, like, these cluster of stone huts, with, like.
Mike: packed together. There's very few people about it.
Mike: And of course, I'm burying the lead, which is on the back wall, in the chasm… in the cliff face.
Mike: There are 5 gashes.
Mike: in the face of the cliff. Like…
Mike: they don't… they're not natural. I mean, they're just, like, through one gash.
Mike: You can see, lightning is, like, you can, like, see through, and there's, like, lightning crackling on the other side, and, like, you can see, like.
Mike: a swirling maelstrom of some sort of lightning storm. Through one gash, you can see,
Mike: Like, almost, like, metallic reflections, like, there's these sharp spikes of metal, like, crisscrossing.
Mike: And then, like, almost a shimmer, like, moving through it occasionally.
Mike: Through one gash, there's just these, like, flashing lights, like blue, and then… green, and then just colors that you can't even explain or see. It's, like, ultraviolet. Like, just odd visual effects that make no sense to you as you stare at them.
Mike: Through one gash, there is, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Cash.
Mike: You can see, like, it looks like an inferno of ash. Like, like, just swirling ash, pouring off.
Mike: And then through one gash, You can actually see a…
Audio shared by Mike: It almost is like walking through a mirror.
Mike: But when you look… when you're looking out through that gash, you're looking at a ledge, but there's no village, like, you can see, like, it's just a cra… I mean, they're all fairly narrow, they're all, like, about this…
Mike: you know, this wide, right? Like, almost, like, shoulder width, basically. And they're jagged, right? They're not, like, even in the cliff face. And through one of the gashes, through the last gash, you can see almost like a reflection of what you're looking at here, but there's no village or anything. And you're looking into,
Mike: Like, back out, sort of, into… a chasm, right? But…
Mike: The weather is different, there's, like, some snow falling, but it's also… Yeah, well, you can't…
Mike: There's, like, snow falling, and you don't… there's no ice… you can't see that well, but there's no ice palace, like, it doesn't look like the same view.
Mike: And in front of the… the…
Mike: for the most part, these are about… there's a couple hundred feet away, like, on the far side of this pond. So you can't… and there's… the light is poor, and it's, like, gray mist, so you can't see super well, but there's a… but there's a stack… there's an ice statue of a wolf.
Mike: About 30 feet tall.
Mike: standing in front of these gashes. And a few people kind of milling about near it.
Mike: Billing about near the gashes, like… you could… again, they're hard to make, but you can sort of make out
Mike: a few people kind of walking back and forth and, like, stamping their feet. They look like they're sort of keeping guard, maybe? But not very dedicatedly. But they always stay far away, like, they never come close to this ice wolf.
Audio shared by Mike: And…
Mike: Kalima is, like, motioning you,
Mike: And leads you to the,
Mike: The… to the right, the smaller cluster of villages on the… the smaller cluster of houses,
Mike: And kind of, there's, again, not that many people about, it seems like.
Mike: Most people are… like, you see one or two people kind of in the distance, like, walking in the other part of the village and stuff, but for the most part, there's not that many people about.
Mike: And she brings you…
Mike: sort of quietly into a… well, I don't know, do you just follow her? I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: At least the cat is pretty…
Kate Sackton: All of her, yeah.
Mike: She brings you pretty quietly into,
Mike: a small… one of these stone houses, it's about… it's like a…
Mike: two-room house, like, one room is a barn, it has, some…
Mike: like, two goats in the barn, and it's full of hay, and, like, there's food there and stuff,
Mike: And…
Mike: the other's just like a… it's like a bedroom, like, it's just a single-family, like, peasant house, basically, right? Like, there's a… there's a… there's a hearth,
Mike: there's, a, you know, a table, you know, Kalima kind of bursts in, and…
Mike: inside the house are two, two people, a man and a woman. The woman… what is a good, I don't really know how to share…
Mike: pictures. Anyway, I have a picture of the man… of the woman, but…
Tim Sackton: Just… just share your screen. I mean, in Roll20, you can drag it onto Roll20, but with…
Tim Sackton: Right. Without having Rule 20 all set up, just sharing your screen is best.
Mike: Let me see how I share my screen without sharing my DM notes.
Tim Sackton: Just share… you can share one window.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Hold on a sec.
Mike: M…
Mike: well, there's two… there's a woman, I'll get you a picture of her in a minute, with holding a baby.
Mike: Maybe… a year old or less. And a man,
Mike: The… the woman is sort of…
Mike: Wide-eyed, looks like she's maybe been crying, you know, is sort of hollow-eyed the…
Mike: The man, as the door opens, like, instinctively has pushed her and the baby behind him, and is, like, you know, has what look like strong hands and kind of a,
Mike: caring face, and they both sort of walk in shock as Kalima walks in, and then even more shock as the five of you come in behind her.
Mike: And she starts… She immediately introduces you to Nura and Khalid, her sister and brother-in-law, and their baby Samir.
Mike: And, says,
Mike: These… these safe… these… these… heroes… this priest.
Mike: saved me, and she, she holds the stone that, Justice…
Mike: enchanted with light once or twice, and says, I felt the god, I felt the Gustavo. They're real.
Mike: And… kind of welcomes…
Mike: like, motions for you to come in and shut the door, right? And… and…
Mike: Here.
Mike: There's… Nara and her baby.
Kate Sackton: Very cute.
Mike: So, what do you do?
Tim Sackton: Well, come in and shut the door for starters.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Sharing an image shuts off the music, so you have to restart the music, by the way.
Audio shared by Mike: I sit quietly and try to look non-threatening, because I can't speak their language. Mechanical note on language, so…
Audio shared by Mike: Can you guys hear the music now?
Audio shared by Mike: Mechanical note on language, three of you don't speak their language, but in the interest of,
Audio shared by Mike: not it being, like, super boring. The idea… my…
Audio shared by Mike: Tim and I were actually talking about various language mechanics, that would be fun. The thing I'm gonna try out is basically, if you spend…
Audio shared by Mike: a long rest. If you spend, like, a day or more in… amongst these people, I'll just assume you've picked up enough to communicate basic concepts, but any checks that would require language would be a disadvantage.
Audio shared by Mike: But you can always communicate as part of, like, roleplaying or… or…
Audio shared by Mike: just plot and things like that. Not until you've spent a day here, but… We just sort of assumed…
Kate Sackton: Talking to the dead guy?
Audio shared by Mike: So, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anyone can talk to.
Audio shared by Mike: But yes, but yes, also, obviously, Justice and Finian speak the language, so they.
Tim Sackton: Findin will, of course, will translate.
Audio shared by Mike: Yes. So yes, I mean, you can translate also, but if you wander off on your own or something like that, after a day, I'll say you know enough of the language to get by.
Tim Sackton: So… Finan wants to do 3 things. First, how long has it been since we…
Tim Sackton: Since I sent my Fae off to the Ice Palace.
Audio shared by Mike: It's probably been a… About 45 minutes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So I'm keeping an eye, see what happens. Maybe…
Tim Sackton: Maybe he just vanished into thin air, we don't know.
Tim Sackton: Ideally, I'd like to get a short rest.
Tim Sackton: And… want to…
Tim Sackton: just try and hear more about the… like, I want to know more about the village.
Tim Sackton: You know?
Tim Sackton: researcher mode, right? Just kind of trying to… maybe I'll take out my notes, jot some things down if it doesn't seem like it's…
Tim Sackton: obtrusive, but…
Kate Sackton: Are they… Are the gashes new since Kalima went away?
Audio shared by Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: But, you know, Finnan, of course, is… I mean, he's… he's willing to probe about those kinds of things, but really what he's interested in is.
Audio shared by Mike: He's pretty convinced, because…
Tim Sackton: He has this halfling memory of Melusa as an ancient, like.
Audio shared by Mike: Pre-Downfall village on the Taft.
Tim Sackton: That these people, somehow, are… Have been isolated from the rest of humanity for, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: 1700 years.
Tim Sackton: And… really wants to know, like, what are their songs? What are their stories? Like, what's their, like, folklore?
Audio shared by Mike: They… they actually seem, I mean…
Audio shared by Mike: you catch… I mean, Kalima explains Fidian as some sort of… they don't seem to know what halflings are.
Audio shared by Mike: they seem to, like, they don't seem to have any clear stories or knowledge. Like, Finian is, like, explains, sorry, Kalima explains Finan as, like.
Audio shared by Mike: a strange… Short. Human.
Audio shared by Mike: Person. Thing.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? Who seems to be, but don't… and she sort of motions it, wait, but you're still a cat, and you look like a human, right? Eric?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: So the Kenku, she sort of whoops… like, sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: points at the… at the… at Yolo, and is like, sta… stay… he's… stay away, like, he's weird. Like, he has wings. I… like…
Audio shared by Mike: But he doesn't, like, she, like, is like, wait, what's going, like, she doesn't realize, like, you don't have wings anymore, all of a sudden, it's very confusing. And, like, she's completely puzzled by Echo, too, right? Like, she doesn't seem to have the experience that… of a shape of, like… obviously, the… you seem quite out of… out of the ordinary to her.
Audio shared by Mike: But the…
Audio shared by Mike: But justice seems… they seem… everybody's, like, crowding… I mean, the first thing that happens is everybody's, like, crowding around justice, asking for your blessing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Absolutely, and I'll name different, like, Gustavo in the process, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Talk about them, and the places they're from, and the things they represent, all of that.
Audio shared by Mike: They seem very… I mean, they're…
Audio shared by Mike: very grateful for this, and like, they almost seem awestruck, like, like…
Audio shared by Mike: this is not something they would have expected to ever be real.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And they're not familiar, like, they don't have any Gustavo whatsoever except for the West Wind?
Audio shared by Mike: Wow, so… They remember some stories of some of the, like.
Audio shared by Mike: big… like, some of the more famous Gustav, like Rommel, this glacier king who is, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Well-known across the region as sort of one of the
Audio shared by Mike: Gustavo that people go… would go on pilgrimages to his glacier, they… they'd recall. But a lot of… but no, they don't have any of their own gods. They don't… they don't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Audio shared by Mike: To them, Gustavo are a myth.
Audio shared by Mike: the whole idea of religion almost seems to them as a myth. They're, like, very… They're, they're like…
Audio shared by Mike: They're acting like you've walked out of a storybook and are…
Audio shared by Mike: preaching of… of Gustavo as if they're real, in a way that they almost don't really believe. And if Kalima did keep saying, like, but he… he did magic. Like, he made a stone glow.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do that again, too, and…
Audio shared by Mike: Sure, right, you feel a little weird when you're casting the spell, like, you almost have to, like…
Audio shared by Mike: try a little harder, like, like, like there's something almost in your way when you cast the spell that you kind of have to brush, like, almost like a fog. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I only had two bars.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, exactly, yeah. But they're, like, they're, like, totally awestruck by this, in the sense of, like, you know, people who…
Audio shared by Mike: had to sort of almost stopped believing that the Gustavo were potentially real, and they're, like, amazed that you're summoning the light of…
Audio shared by Mike: Of these different… Of these different gods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, like, just to be clear, like, that… that doesn't, like, really accord with… with Justice's understanding of how Gustavo work. Like, they're not…
Audio shared by Mike: Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They may be competitive, or trickstery, or selfish, but they're not like, you shall have no other Gestavo before me. Like, it's… it's.
Audio shared by Mike: No, no, no, no, definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): these things, yeah, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Correct. No, it is definitely the entire religion is very much… Gustavo… are…
Audio shared by Mike: gods of places, fundamentally. And so, you would never really have two gods of the same place, but…
Audio shared by Mike: places are small for many of them, and they're not, you know, there's a god of this tree, or this waterfall, or this stream, or… right? And it's not like Rommel the Glacier King is mad if some god moves into an ice cave. You can be a god of an ice cave on Rommel's Glacier, that's fine, right? It's not… there's no…
Audio shared by Mike: the whole idea that you're… there's something… I mean, it makes no sense to you, what they're… the way they're talking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. I'm like, I'll explain some of that to them, too, in the process, like…
Audio shared by Mike: It's trend.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Subverted a little bit.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, they're not…
Audio shared by Mike: They're not saying, like, we're not… their… their sense is not the gods are… are not, like,
Audio shared by Mike: they're just gone. It's not that they're… it's not that they don't…
Audio shared by Mike: It's not that I don't want to worship them, or they think that they're… they're just… they're not here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Right?
Audio shared by Mike: And there's no way to get to somewhere where they are.
Audio shared by Mike: So, it's… it's more almost like, well, there… there aren't any Gestapo here, so… and… Right.
Audio shared by Mike: The stories of the outside world to them are very, very, very…
Audio shared by Mike: scattered, right? Like, as Finian starts to talk to them, it's like, well, what, like, Sambara? They have no idea what any of these.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm not talking about… I'm not, like, talking about Sambara.
Mike: No, no.
Tim Sackton: or what they're…
Audio shared by Mike: Right, what I mean is your impression from talking to them is that they have no idea
Audio shared by Mike: of… anything in the outside. Like… like, they have, like, these… these…
Tim Sackton: So what are their myths? Like, what… what is the…
Tim Sackton: what are the gods that they do talk about? I mean, obviously.
Tim Sackton: they don't, like, worship any gods, but they have stories of Gustavo, right? Who do they have stories of, and what are the sort of myths.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, the stories are almost more…
Audio shared by Mike: about the concept of Gustavo than specific ones. I mean, there's a handful, like, like, Rabel or,
Audio shared by Mike: there's a few other names, like, I saw…
Audio shared by Mike: who is said to be the Gustavo who brings spring, from the… who is, like, the Gustavo who's said to live on the short… you could read the Obsidian page as fast… as well as I can.
Tim Sackton: I guess I can remove the status check mic that this might not be Canon, then.
Audio shared by Mike: Well, no, because I haven't read the whole thing, but… but the two… the three Gustavo who are mentioned at the top are… are canon.
Audio shared by Mike: But the… like, they've heard of a couple of these, Gustavo, but they… like, like, Besla and Rommel in particular are actually comic, they don't mention, but,
Audio shared by Mike: But… they're not…
Audio shared by Mike: they have stories about having stories, and about Gustavo as, like, well, it used to be that there was a… that we… in the ancient days, we… we would walk along the… the water, you know, the stream, and… and…
Audio shared by Mike: And give prayers to the… to the waterfall, but they don't actually have any specific stories of…
Audio shared by Mike: it's not like they… it's not like they're remembering some specific god who they still remember, right? It's more like, well, yes, we think… you know, and you almost… it almost feels like a garbled, sort of.
Audio shared by Mike: They talk about, you know.
Tim Sackton: I'm not just interested in gods. I mean, Finan's interested in…
Tim Sackton: just, like, what… what is their folklore? Like, what is the story they tell of themselves?
Audio shared by Mike: that, I mean… the… the… what…
Audio shared by Mike: Callie says, the husband is like.
Audio shared by Mike: Kind of looks at… at… at his…
Audio shared by Mike: child, and as you start to ask these questions, it's like.
Audio shared by Mike: Kind of looks at you a little bit like an outsider, like, well.
Audio shared by Mike: the whole idea of, like, talking to somebody from outside their village strikes him as quite odd. He sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: glances at… at Kalima, and is like, should…
Audio shared by Mike: Are they one of us now?
Audio shared by Mike: Well, will they… Be trapped here with us?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, sisters.
Audio shared by Mike: Fair.
Audio shared by Mike: the…
Audio shared by Mike: when they're… Sunsets, and the… He sort of… he sort of mutters.
Audio shared by Mike: And sort of… you've noticed that the baby is, like, looking around, the kid is sort of, like, looking around with a sort of odd and unusual little curiosity for a one-year-old, and hasn't cried at all or really made any noise.
Audio shared by Mike: The… so the… I mean, the fundamental story they tell themselves is that they are… here…
Audio shared by Mike: because they're here. This is… this is where they live, and life is pers… is sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: the fog. You can't get through the fog, there's no way up, there's no way down.
Audio shared by Mike: There's no way across.
Audio shared by Mike: There's… there's the village, there's the river, Melusa, There's the… there's the…
Audio shared by Mike: The cows. New cows are born. The fish come in… come in the river.
Audio shared by Mike: the… The sun sets.
Audio shared by Mike: The night comes… .
Tim Sackton: When… how long does it take the sun to set?
Audio shared by Mike: He's seen 3 sunsets in his life.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And they don't tell them… there's no story of where they came from, they don't have any sense of coming from some other place to here.
Audio shared by Mike: they… they sorta… I mean, they have this…
Audio shared by Mike: the way Nura… the way Khalid tells it, it's… it's… they're…
Audio shared by Mike: they're a lot. I mean, it's…
Audio shared by Mike: they were… they were in pre… their ancestors' ancestors' ancestors were… were brought here by Zephiah.
Tim Sackton: Right. And their want is to endure.
Audio shared by Mike: why they endure. Many different people have, you know.
Audio shared by Mike: You get the sense that there's different…
Audio shared by Mike: factions or beliefs about the value of endure… but that…
Audio shared by Mike: Khaled is kind of steering the conversation away from, like, Blake.
Audio shared by Mike: If they're here for… They're here tomorrow. They're here for the… for forever. They'll learn.
Audio shared by Mike: We shouldn't talk of such things.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, he glances at his kid again, like, we shouldn't talk of such things.
Audio shared by Mike: like, Hikono doesn't want to get into… he's sort of trying to steer the conversation away from the… but they don't… it seems like the main led… the main story they tell themselves is that…
Audio shared by Mike: you know, They are born here, and therefore they endure this place, and… That's… right.
Audio shared by Mike: Fate?
Audio shared by Mike: they don't… you know, they occasionally talk about, you know, they came here 7… the only other thing I'll ask them, and then Finnan's gonna take a break and stop monopolizing conversation, is if…
Tim Sackton: If they remember their parents.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'll ask… I'll just ask, what was… what were your parents like? What were your grandparents like?
Audio shared by Mike: They, I mean, yeah, the…
Audio shared by Mike: Nura talks about her and Kalima's mother's still alive, she lives in the village. Their father's… passed,
Audio shared by Mike: And when she says that, she sort of, she actually says, our father… is…
Audio shared by Mike: has… How does she put this? Our father has,
Audio shared by Mike: Our father has gone into the… our father has gone to the mists.
Audio shared by Mike: but sort of glances over at,
Audio shared by Mike: Her baby when she says that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many in the village graveyard?
Audio shared by Mike: Graveyard?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
Audio shared by Mike: What is a graveyard?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How much does your child understand of what we're saying?
Audio shared by Mike: She sort of whispers to you.
Audio shared by Mike: Sometimes… The soul knows, remembers too much. Doesn't end well for the child, then. We're worried about her.
Audio shared by Mike: Rest.
Audio shared by Mike: We can talk more.
Audio shared by Mike: If you wish.
Audio shared by Mike: But she, like… Gets you some… Cheese and… and…
Audio shared by Mike: Milk, the goats, and… She sort of glances around the… You must be tired, phew.
Audio shared by Mike: I… I do not. I do not…
Audio shared by Mike: Think you will be disturbed here.
Tim Sackton: I'm… I wanna know what…
Tim Sackton: what it's like when the sun sets? Like, do they see a sun… do they know what a sunset is? I'm gonna use a minor illusion to make a picture of a sunset.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, so yes, they… They… when the sun sets, they… It's…
Audio shared by Mike: Koima will say… will start to describe the last sunset. The last sunset was relatively recently.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, very recent, like, not that long ago. The… the… I mean… the sun…
Audio shared by Mike: sinks to the… I mean, there's no horizon, I mean, it's… the sky's never clear.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? They're actually… the idea of a blue… the sky is gray.
Audio shared by Mike: There's no… the sky's not blue here, it's gray.
Audio shared by Mike: It's never clear, but…
Audio shared by Mike: in the evening, the… I mean, they don't really think of it as evening, but when the sun sets, it…
Audio shared by Mike: goes down, and there's no brilliant colors or anything like that. It's like a gray winter sunset. It mostly just fades away.
Tim Sackton: And then it rises again?
Audio shared by Mike: Kind of? I mean, it… so, night doesn't end until somebody is sacrificed into the labyrinth.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Audio shared by Mike: And then that causes the sun to rise, but it usually kinda…
Audio shared by Mike: It's usually theirs, you sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: It doesn't move across the sky.
Audio shared by Mike: It's more like it goes away, and then, it's night for some period of time, and then it sort of rapidly crosses across the sky and then kind of hangs in the same spot for a long time, and then it goes away, and then…
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it sounds like they're willing to let us spend the night such as it is here, is that correct?
Audio shared by Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Audio shared by Mike: I should… yeah, no, no, no, no, no, go ahead.
Tim Sackton: I have no sense.
Tim Sackton: Well, Finnan has no sense of how long it's been since we've slept. Are we tired at all?
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah,
Audio shared by Mike: It's, I mean… It's been a… Strange.
Audio shared by Mike: period of time. It's actually hard to know how much time has passed, but you do feel tired.
Kate Sackton: Do they long rest?
Kate Sackton: A few times a day.
Audio shared by Mike: They, I mean, they sleep, I mean, again, they'll, they'll,
Audio shared by Mike: they'll explain… they'll… I mean, if you start having a conversation about this, the… the…
Audio shared by Mike: There's a… there's a sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: gong noise that rings from the ice palace every…
Audio shared by Mike: 12 hours, basically. And that… they sleep… they go to sleep when the gong rings, and they wake up when the gong rings, and they go to sleep when the gong rings.
Audio shared by Mike: It hasn't run yet, but if you're tired, you could certainly go to bed, if you wanted to.
Audio shared by Mike: You've probably been talking for an hour.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, I will… Before we go to bed, I'm gonna cast Clairvoyance at the Ice… on the Ice Palace.
Audio shared by Mike: Where?
Tim Sackton: That's what I'm thinking about.
Audio shared by Mike: Kong, you're on mute if you're talking.
Tim Sackton: activated Kong.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright, is Mr. Cat gonna go explore at all, or are you just gonna… stay a cat?
Audio shared by Mike: Wait, you're still muted.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, because cats only communicate with hand gestures. That's true.
David S. Kong: Sorry, my mom called me out. I'm actually putting you guys on Zoom, my mom is,
David S. Kong: Seeing you guys for the first time in, like, 20 years, she says hi.
Audio shared by Mike: I…
David S. Kong: Let my mom's design.
David S. Kong: Dave Schwartz says hi, too. Dave Schwartz.
David S. Kong: Wow. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, my dear.
David S. Kong: Sorry, sorry, guys.
Audio shared by Mike: No, no, that's okay.
David S. Kong: is saying hi.
Audio shared by Mike: I…
Audio shared by Mike: So…
Audio shared by Mike: You're clairvoyancing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if we're, like, getting ready… I'm gonna wait till after we eat dinner, like, getting ready for… Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, as you're… as you're sort of eating, the gong rings. You hear this… this.
Tim Sackton: loud noise.
Audio shared by Mike: And not that long after that, there's… you hear… Footsteps.
Audio shared by Mike: Well, I mean, you… If there's anything else you want to do, but shortly after, you hear, like,
Audio shared by Mike: like, a commotion.
Audio shared by Mike: Sort of outside.
Audio shared by Mike: Dark.
David S. Kong: And Echo totally wants… explores as a cat.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, well, let's pause for a minute, so…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Echo's like a little great tabby, like, while they're talking in human language, you could go explore, where do you want to go?
David S. Kong: Where are my options right now?
Audio shared by Mike: Wow, so there's a village,
Audio shared by Mike: It's like, you're on the side of the cliff, it's a wedge, it's about…
David S. Kong: Yep.
Audio shared by Mike: 800 feet this way… it's like 600 feet this way, and like, I don't know, 400 feet this way or something. There's a cluster of houses on one side of the lake… of the little pond, a cluster of houses on the other side of the pond, and then on the back cliff face, there's these 5 gashes on the wall.
David S. Kong: Right, yes, okay.
Mike: Guarded by… an ice wolf.
Audio shared by Mike: About 30 feet tall, and I'm…
David S. Kong: A statue of an ice wolf, or an actual ice wolf.
Audio shared by Mike: Well, a statue of an ice wolf, but it doesn't look super dissimilar to the statues that tried to kill you at the beginning of the first one.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, got it, got it, okay, okay. Yeah, so Echo is gonna, do what cats do.
Audio shared by Mike: Or you could…
David S. Kong: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: I was gonna say, then there's a rope bridge that weeds to the cattle rock, and that weeds onward to the lush growing things rock.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, so, so, Echo, you know what I'm imagining right now? Remember when we were in middle school and we used to play Myst?
Audio shared by Mike: The athlete.
David S. Kong: It's like, this is like, this is like first person, like, cat.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, yeah. Missed. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, so, yeah, so, so, as a cat, Echo's gonna do, just do a perimeter first. Just, like, no kind of, like, without, without going deep in, just kind of…
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah?
David S. Kong: do a quick little loop around, like, the two clusters of the… just, you know, seeing if there's anything out of place, but then is gonna head over, and so just, if there's anything out of place there, or just looks kind of pretty normal, which is what did he see? And then he's gonna head over to the gashes, and then have a look at the, the wolf statue.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, so… in this part of the village, there's maybe 30 houses or so. There's a few people out and about, like, mostly just, like, walking between a neighbor or something like that.
Audio shared by Mike: there doesn't seem to be this kind of activity you'd expect in, like, a farm community, right? Like, it's not like there's people tending the fields and…
Audio shared by Mike: everything seems kind of subdued and quiet. It's like…
Audio shared by Mike: you know, people are walking… occasionally you see somebody walking between from a house to house. They're all kind of wearing…
Audio shared by Mike: Fairly rough-spun clothes, like, mostly looks like, you know, goat hair and…
Audio shared by Mike: go, you know, not very good wool, but heavy, right? Lots… it's cold, I mean, it's not warm. And there's, like.
Audio shared by Mike: a couple of…
Audio shared by Mike: you know, these cluster of buildings. There's one house that's slightly bigger than the others. It's, like, maybe 3 rooms or 4 rooms. Most of them are 1 or 2 rooms. And there's…
Audio shared by Mike: There's lights on, and there's… there's a number of people inside, like, Does…
Audio shared by Mike: torches, you know, there's, like, candles burning, or a big fire, like, it's… it's active, right? Like, I mean, it's not actually that dark out, right? Because it's… the sun doesn't really set, but there's, like, maybe… you hear, like, the noise of, like, people talking, and, like, something like a… like a…
David S. Kong: language?
Audio shared by Mike: Olds and COVID.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: You don't speak this language.
David S. Kong: No, no.
Audio shared by Mike: On the other village, it's bigger, maybe 70 houses. It's on the other side of the… of this pond, which you can't actually… I mean, you have to sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: hop across, it's… there's a section right by the edge of the cliff where the pond narrows down to a stream. It's only… the stream's only a trickle, it's only, like, this wide, so it's easy to just hop across.
Audio shared by Mike: But, the other village, it's very similar. There's not a lot of activity. There's a few people, like.
David S. Kong: Any other cats?
Audio shared by Mike: There are no other cats.
Audio shared by Mike: In fact, there seems to be no life at all, except goats and people and cows.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, there's no birds.
David S. Kong: So, like, strictly food. Strictly food for the humans.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, there's some… there's fish, like, you notice that the lake is teeming as you jump across it. It's, like, teeming with salmon. Like… like, oddly teeming with salmon, like…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Where are they?
David S. Kong: Yeah, so it's like, and, like, are there people eating fish, goat, and cattle? Like, that's, like, I don't, like, what they're eating? Yeah, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Basically, yeah. But I mean, you see somebody, like, coming back from the… from the…
Audio shared by Mike: across-the-road bridge with, like, a barrel of apples.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, there's this one island, this one floating rock is, like, washed with, like, trees and…
David S. Kong: Right, right, right.
Audio shared by Mike: a big commerce.
David S. Kong: That's, like, that's the vegetarian island, and then there's, like, the meat.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, exactly.
David S. Kong: There you go. So then they'll… okay, I got it, cool. Excellent, excellent.
Audio shared by Mike: That's great.
David S. Kong: Echoes.
Audio shared by Mike: staff.
David S. Kong: Okay, head over to the… head over to the gashes.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, so… How… so when you're about 100 feet away.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: you're pretty… you're a cat, you're pretty stealthy, you made a great stealth role, right? You're… you're just, like, sneaking along. There is, like, four…
Audio shared by Mike: guards. Clearly guards. So first of all, there's this…
David S. Kong: Human… human guards?
Audio shared by Mike: Human guards, yeah, yeah. There's this giant, like, 30-foot-tall ice wolf, right? And you can actually see, flitting about its head, there are these little wisps.
Audio shared by Mike: like, kind of…
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, they're the same things you fought, right, in the first combat of this adventure. But, like, those little…
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: little, like, wisps that put out lights. They're kind of floating around, and they occasionally, like, dart towards one of the gashes, or dart down towards the ground to, like… they don't go in or anything, they always stay a little bit away, but they're just, like, darting about, like, kind of trying to inspect and see what's going on, you know. They seem to be…
Audio shared by Mike: part of the guard system, right?
Audio shared by Mike: And then there's 4 human guards, all standing in front of the gash that looks…
Audio shared by Mike: most normal, the one that's looking out into, like, a copy of the chasm. And… That…
Audio shared by Mike: as you… I mean, I don't know, how close are you going?
David S. Kong: I get close, I get closer.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, again, I'm trying not to be noticed, of course, by the… Yeah, yeah, make a self-check.
David S. Kong: Another sales track?
Audio shared by Mike: Kate's spell lasts for an hour. Oh, no, but… well, no, you probably spell…
Tim Sackton: No, it's within 30 feet of…
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, only within 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: It's an emanation around drain.
Audio shared by Mike: Nevermind. Make a stealth check without the plus 10, but you still have advantage.
David S. Kong: Natural 20.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright, well, you're… you're slinking along the ground, your… your… your coat is just the perfect color of the… of the granite, you know, the… the…
Audio shared by Mike: As you… as you sneak along.
David S. Kong: Extreme role-playing right now, I've always wanted to be a cat, that's great.
Audio shared by Mike: You, you get closer, right? Like, you… you… you see the… so you get maybe 15 feet away from these four humans who are standing around in front of this gash,
Audio shared by Mike: It's like… it's like a zigzag in the wall, maybe…
Audio shared by Mike: 15 feet tall and 2.5 feet wide, but it's zigzagging a bit. But its edges, you notice, are quite blurred. It's not like… it's not like it was carved on the wall. It's like it almost looks superimposed on top of the wall, in a way.
Audio shared by Mike: And, like, the edges kind of are smudged and not sharp at all, and, like, if you look at the edge, it's like, you can't really understand what your eye is seeing. It's like,
Audio shared by Mike: you know, it's… it just… it doesn't really process as real. Like, there's some… the boundary phenomenon is very, very hard to process as, like, a real thing. Like, it just doesn't make sense. But then looking through the… the… these four guards standing there, they all have… they all have…
Audio shared by Mike: Swords, and they're… they're wearing chain armor, and
Audio shared by Mike: You can see, like, on each of their, they all have tapers with, like,
Audio shared by Mike: stylized form of the Ice Palace on their… on their tabards.
Audio shared by Mike: they're sort of looking… you know, they look bored, they're sort of looking at each other. They… they look a little bit bored and a little bit scared. Like, they look to the other gashes, and, like, occasionally they look back to the… the one that looks like a copy of this world, but…
Audio shared by Mike: You notice… Sorry, I was…
David S. Kong: copy of this world, is it like a relief? Does it look like a…
Audio shared by Mike: And it looks like looking through a mirror.
Audio shared by Mike: But when you walk… But it's not reflecting the same scene back.
Audio shared by Mike: So it's a similar scene. So you're looking like… it looks like you're looking into a mirror.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, so is this like an interdimensional portal into, like, into, like, a multiverse version of this same place type of thing?
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, maybe? It… it certainly looks like an odd reflection here, but, like, the…
Audio shared by Mike: everything looks different when you look… it's like, it's a reflection, but…
David S. Kong: Does it look like you could go through it?
Audio shared by Mike: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. These all look like things you could go through.
David S. Kong: Guys, guys, like, like, Echo's kinda, like, like, like, wanted to channel his inner YOLO, and just, like, fuck it, let's just, like, like, I rolled a natural 20 on myself, let's just fucking go in. Should I just do that?
David S. Kong: just…
Tim Sackton: Seems risky.
David S. Kong: a little crazy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have another character you're excited to play next session?
David S. Kong: No. I wanna stay playing this cat.
Mike: I mean, it looks like it would be pretty tough to…
Mike: Like, as you watch, like, the little wisps are sort of buzzing a lot more densely around the…
David S. Kong: Alright, alright.
Mike: strengths, and, like, two of the guards are standing pretty close to it, right? Like, it would be…
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: And it's only this wide, like, it would be…
Mike: Pretty difficult to go through unseen without magic that would make you admissible.
David S. Kong: Got it. Alright, alright, alright, okay.
David S. Kong: Alright, this is good, this is a good, good reconnaissance. I, I head back, I head back.
Mike: The other gashes look terrifying. I mean, the one that's like ash, it looks like just this endless wasteland of fire and ash. The one that's lightning is like the heart of a maelstrom, like, with lightning crackling.
Tim Sackton: Wait, there's Lightning, Ash, what were the other two?
Mike: Lightning, ash, metal, and just… this hard-to-process colors. Right. Just like, like…
Mike: But not even colors that make sense as colors, like… like… ghetto.
Mike: Ultraviolet, and, like… Just those, like, weird color sensations that you can't even describe.
David S. Kong: I wish YOLO were here just to, like, just boldly fly into one, just for fun. Right.
Mike: But yeah, one is, like, is, like, all jagged pieces of metal, and, like,
Mike: Like, endless… it looks like, like, passageways through metal that just twist off into nothing.
Mike: And that are constantly shifting and moving. One of them is, like, a maelstrom of lightning. One of them is…
Mike: is… is Ash.
Mike: One of them is just, like, these spiraling colors that… that are…
David S. Kong: Yeah, got it.
Mike: I mean… They all look like… other places.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, totally. That's awesome.
Mike: It does look like you could probably get through any of the ones except the… like, the… like the… the… I mean, you'd probably instantly die, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: The only one that's well-guarded is the one.
David S. Kong: The mirror one, yeah.
Mike: error one, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: And as you get a little closer, you can actually
Mike: Also, as you're watching, you see the, like, the giant 30-foot-tall wolf occasionally very slowly moves its head, like it's scanning back and forth.
David S. Kong: if I kind of, like, like, jump up or whatever, can I see, like, a reflection of myself? Like, is there another cat on the other side?
Mike: No other cat.
Mike: No, it's, it's, it's… It's… Actually, make a perception check.
David S. Kong: I was gonna say, like, how similar is it?
David S. Kong: Advantage?
Mike: No, you don't have Adventure Perception, only…
David S. Kong: I got a plus 7 perception, that's good.
David S. Kong: 20.
Mike: You do notice it looks like a different… the sun is in a different spot.
David S. Kong: Mmm…
Mike: it's like… it's like noon. Like, you can see, like, the shadows. As you walk through, like, you can see shadows on the cliff. Like, A, the sun is shining… you can't see the sun, but you can see shadows on the cliff. The sun is shining brightly.
Mike: Unlike here, where it's, like, behind a pale cloud, you've never actually seen the sun, it's just, like, you can tell it's there, because it's fine, but… and,
Mike: you… it's clearly, like, this is late afternoon, this has very strong late afternoon vibes, and it actually hasn't changed the whole time you've been here, right? Like, it's late afternoon the whole time.
Mike: But looking through, it's clearly nude. Like, you can tell from the shadows that it's… that it's, like.
David S. Kong: On the other side of the…
Mike: the mirror version is, like, similar to this, it's a ledge, there's a… there's a stream, there's no houses or anything. There's a similar… there's no houses, there's a similar stream.
Mike: You can see, actually, in the pond, there's, like, a big stone, like, a ruined stone structure in the pond on the other side. Like, it goes up…
Mike: 8 feet, as you're now close enough to kind of look more carefully. It goes up, like, maybe 6 or 8 feet out of the water, and then it just cut off, like a square.
Mike: Like, maybe a tower that's just been sliced in half.
Mike: And you can, again, you can see it's, like, noon on the other side over there.
Mike: And yeah, no people, no buildings, no floating things.
David S. Kong: Okay, I report back, met a note, YOLO, you should just fly through any one of those three things, just don't pay attention, just fly into it, I'm sure it'll be great.
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch of gashes on the wall that are actually portals to other dimensions, and there's, like, a lightning one, an ash one, and, like, one that's just crazy colors.
David S. Kong: And it just feels like the type of thing that YOLO would be, like, crazy colors and just fly into, but I'm not, you know, I'm just putting it out there, just saying.
David S. Kong: I'm not saying he should do it.
Audio shared by Mike: Or that you should roleplay him doing it.
David S. Kong: Although it might be massively entertaining and cool to see what happens.
Mike: Do you have a character you're excited about playing?
David S. Kong: Say it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It flies into the color gash.
Mike: I'm… I'm gonna cast Clairvoyance. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna try and put it… Somewhere…
Tim Sackton: I don't know, how did… how did Seeker figure out where Grosha's throne room was?
Mike: plot armor.
Tim Sackton: No, Eric specifically said, I want to put it, like, in this sort of spot, and I looked at a map.
Tim Sackton: I think probably, like, sort of towards the back.
Tim Sackton: But a little bit just random.
Tim Sackton: And low to the ground, I want to basically be ground floor, looking up.
Tim Sackton: Towards the back.
Tim Sackton: Palace, but not the very back, sort of…
Mike: bike.
Tim Sackton: This is the wave.
Mike: 3 corners back. Okay. Like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, where a throne room would be.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what a throne room would be.
Mike: So, there's 3 arced towers that come up. So, the palace is basically a rectangle, and there's 3 towers that are kind of in… two on the back wall, one on the front wall, that then curve upward and make, like a,
Mike: chamber. Okay. Right? At the top.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait, is there an actual chamber at the top?
Mike: Yes. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That feels like the place to live.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let's put it in the chamber at the top.
Mike: Okay, so the top of the tower, I mean, it's… it's a… it's… you can't see it, it's made of ice, right? You don't know what's inside it, but there is a…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's fine. Throw the… throw clairvoyance there. I'm going with sight to start.
Mike: Okay, so, you… hold on, let me find this…
Mike: The tower at the top. Your… your… Sensor appears, it's a… Mostly empty room.
Mike: but there is a, There's, like, a, it's maybe…
Mike: I'm trying to think of how to describe this. It's like…
Mike: 15 or so foot diameter circle. And there's, like, a large… it's…
Mike: Outside, like, it's… it's circular, the ceiling is domed, and there is a, large, flat, surface.
Audio shared by Mike: Like…
Mike: I, like, table, almost? Like, circular… like, perfectly circular, table. And there's a glowing point of light.
Mike: sort of… partway… So, like, if it's a flat surface like this, like a disk, sort of…
Mike: here, like, you can't see what I'm doing, but sort of two-thirds of the way across the disc in, like, an arc from one side to the other side.
Mike: there's this glowing point of light, and there's… do you read Sylvan?
Mike: Do you recognize something? What language?
Tim Sackton: I'm sure I would recognize Sylvan, I'm not gonna read Sylvan words if I see them.
Mike: Right. That's true, you know all the dangers of reading Sylvan words. The… the… there's dense writing in Sylvan, kind of going across
Mike: the…
Mike: the… the disc, like, sort of around the bottom arc. And then there's just this… this glowing point of light, like a pale…
Mike: pale… almost like… it actually kind of reminds me of the sun. Like a pale, glowing spot.
Tim Sackton: There's nobody in the room.
Mike: Nobody is in the room at the moment, no.
Tim Sackton: I will switch to listening for a few minutes, just to see if I hear anything.
Mike: Nothing… there's no… I mean, you can… you can hear… faint.
Mike: Noises of activity below.
Tim Sackton: So the palace isn't empty.
Mike: No.
Tim Sackton: There's just nobody in this room.
Tim Sackton: I'll just watch for the rest of the time to see if anybody shows up.
Tim Sackton: 8 more minutes, or something like that at this point.
Mike: Yeah, no, nothing… Do you ever switch back to… are you switching back?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: back, I'll check hearing every…
Tim Sackton: If anybody's there, I'll hear, and then I'll flip briefly to sight, and then go back to hearing.
Mike: Nothing much seems to be happening in the room, but, I mean, this glowing point of light is clearly, like, it's not moving over the 8 minutes, but,
Mike: Every once in a while, some…
Mike: Shimmering light runs along the words.
Mike: I mean, it certainly… It certainly, gives off the vibes of some sort of… Magic.
Mike: I mean, you can't, I think, detect magic through clear door. I assume you can't actually detect, but… but it certainly, you know, in Finian's experience, it certainly looks like something out of a…
Mike: It's the kind of thing you'd expect the Sylvan writing on to have all kinds of magical effects, and it looks like the kind of thing out of a… out of a story of… of the Fae, right?
Mike: But what it does is a little bit hard to tell.
Mike: But as you… every time you switch back to sound, like, there's… there's some commotion happening, right? Like, you can hear… nobody's being very careful, like, you occasionally hear an order, like, somebody shout… like, a shouted order in… in some Coven, like… like,
Mike: you know.
Tim Sackton: the people in here are speaking Zimcovan.
Mike: All the COVID.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: The, the, the… you hear occasional words shouted in Oldsome COVID, yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Like… like, you know… Oh, bring…
Mike: bring, Yassin, right? Like,
Mike: And then there's something like, you know,
Mike: you hear, like, sort of Zifa mentioned. Like, it's very faint, right? Like, it's… but it sounds like a group of people is maybe preparing to go somewhere.
Tim Sackton: And which direction, roughly, is the sound coming from?
Mike: dot below you.
Tim Sackton: Like, straight below you.
Mike: Yeah, probably… you can't… you can't see straight, but there's probably some sort of… from the structure of the building, there would… there would naturally be a courtyard directly, because this is, like, directly centered over the…
Tim Sackton: Yay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, party.
Tim Sackton: I have one more third level slot.
Tim Sackton: Do I… spend it on another clairvoyance for the courtyard, or is there too big of a risk?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You think we can get along, Reston?
Tim Sackton: Well, they said we could sleep and probably wouldn't be disturbed, but…
Tim Sackton: I have two first-level slots, that's it. I'm gonna be useless if something bad happens to us.
David S. Kong: I say YOLO just flies over and checks it out himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I could… I could just fly over. I'm cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): long resting. I think you should clairvoyance it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna use my last third level slot.
Tim Sackton: to… Create another clairvoyance in the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: like, below where.
Mike: Carvoence… how long does Clairvoyance take to cast?
Tim Sackton: 10 minutes.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So… When the sensor appears, you see, about… 6.
Mike: A group of 6 people.
Mike: walking… all in… geared, like, geared like, like, sort of, soldiers, right? Like, they're, they're,
Mike: well, 4 of them are geared like soldiers. They have, like.
Mike: weather… one of them… two of them have chainmail, they're all carrying spears. Two of them have, like, less good armor, but, like, leather armor. All with the same tabards that,
Mike: Cat Echo saw with this, like, stylized silver. They're all… they all look similar, I mean, they look…
Mike: they look like they could be related to… I mean, Kalima and Nura and Khaled all actually look fairly similar. They all look like they could be related. And these people look similar, right? They look like,
Mike: air.
Mike: Same sort of…
Mike: walk as the other humans you've seen in the village. They're sort of walking… as the sensor appears, they're sort of,
Mike: Walking… A way, like, into a…
Mike: you can actually see through, like, there's a passageway that leads all the way out. There's, like, a big double door. So you're in a big courtyard, there's a double door that's standing open, and you can see
Mike: A double door, standing
Mike: Open on the other side, like, out of the palace on the other side.
Audio shared by Mike: And you.
Mike: You can see a bridge of ice is slowly growing from…
Mike: The front door across to the village.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: And the…
Mike: people are sort of walking as your sensor appears, you can see them sort of… you caught the, like, end of… there's maybe 6 more people in front of them, right? And you hear them… well, that's what you see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'll… I'll switch to hearing briefly.
Mike: They're… they say, you hear one of them saying,
Mike: A trickster, Zifa said, a trickster. Maybe… If we catch it, Something new will happen.
Mike: The other one says, it's best not to…
Mike: Yeah. The other one says it's… Sorry, I'm just, it's… It's best not to,
Mike: It's best not to question.
Mike: survival is proof.
Mike: And the other one says, yes, wow.
Mike: Some novelty in life would be nice occasionally, don't you think? And the other one says, novelty.
Mike: Like, scoffing. Like, nothing good has come of that.
Mike: survival.
Mike: That's why we're here.
Mike: Devo insertive.
Mike: Mutters a little bit under their breath that you can't quite hear.
Mike: You hear somebody else say, remember your orders. Find…
Mike: Finds the, finds the spirit… who, taunted the master.
Mike: It must be around somewhere. Must have come from somewhere.
Mike: Check the,
Mike: Check with, check with Yasem at the wall.
Mike: Maybe he saw something.
Mike: And they start to… I mean, they're marching across now. They're sort of muttering a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: I will…
Tim Sackton: tell Kalima, I will ask Kalima how often people come from the palace.
Mike: It's… some… Believe… Servitude brings safety.
Mike: They go back and forth.
Mike: Not… Usually, not usually at this time. Why?
Tim Sackton: Just curious.
Mike: Are you guys…
Tim Sackton: I think at this point, yeah, we're just gonna long rest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And call it a night, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm fading for the night.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Okay, so you're settling in to try and go to sleep? You're not… you're not doing anything about the ice bridge or anything like that?
Mike: Well, we can pick that up next time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean… Finan just wants to hide in the…
Mike: Hide in the barn, and…
Tim Sackton: farm. There's… I mean, there's no…
Mike: Yeah?
Tim Sackton: There's not really any obvious way they can trace My face spirit.
Audio shared by Mike: No, that is correct.
Tim Sackton: And in the morning, I can send the fave spirit back, and B…
Audio shared by Mike: All you know.
Tim Sackton: Here I am.
Mike: So you're gonna, like, just print.
Tim Sackton: Prince of Gleamwater is gonna be mad at you.
Mike: Right.
Mike: You're gonna just hide in the barn, and…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Try and rest for the night, and ignore the,
Mike: Ignore the… the soldiers marching across the bridge.
Tim Sackton: I think that's our plan, right? I mean…
Mike: I'm not… I don't mean that skeptically, that's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're not gonna try in long resting, we're gonna succeed in long resting.
Tim Sackton: Right, but my point is, we don't wanna… we're not gonna try and engage the soldiers, right? Like, we don't know enough.
Mike: dead.
Tim Sackton: anything, though, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: There is a little bit of an issue, which is that YOLO is kind of a sleepwalker, or maybe a sleep flyer sometimes, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: So…
Mike: So I should roll a D4 on a 1, and then it goes flying out in the middle of the night? Is that what you're saying?
David S. Kong: Well, and…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I mean…
David S. Kong: Even crazier, when YOLO sleep flies, he's, like, really drawn to, like, flashing lights and colors.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the weirdest thing. That's right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you know.
Tim Sackton: I am… I am sure there are lots of possible, characters you could play from the village, so…
Tim Sackton: You know.
Mike: You could go through… you could go fly through the flashing lights and colors. I don't know what would happen, actually. I'd have to ask Tim.
Tim Sackton: I was trying to figure out what plane that was, and I couldn't.
Tim Sackton: You can tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa, that's… Yolo's gonna figure it out.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or die triangle.
Tim Sackton: Or die trying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or both.
Tim Sackton: Anyway… So I think we should… yeah, we're gonna stop.
Tim Sackton: Well, stop.
Mike: affected.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: But don't long rest on your character sheets. I won't. I'm not saying you're gonna fail, but just don't click the button. We'll start… we'll start tomorrow.
David S. Kong: Dammit!
Tim Sackton: Hey, you have… I have two first-level spell slots left, and nothing else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna… I don't want to forget this for next session. I'm gonna all agree whether long-resting is a good idea or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or whether, like, soldiers will go house to house and.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's a good idea.
Mike: You should all take a short rest.
Mike: As an aside, you had dinner, you've been sitting around.
David S. Kong: Tell us the answer to the augury now.
Mike: I'm just reading what the spell does,
Mike: You weren't an omen about the results of course action you plan to take, so yes, the next 30 minutes, okay?
Mike: It's like, it's… it's like…
Mike: Wheel and well?
David S. Kong: What? What was that?
Mike: So, it's like the… it's like the, wow, wow, there's some… there's some good and there's some bad.
Mike: Actually, you know what? Hold on, hold on, hold on.
David S. Kong: she has hell.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, hold on, hold on, let me do something different here, actually.
Mike: It's good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's good?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright!
David S. Kong: Good! I sleep for fully.
David S. Kong: Good it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good. We'll still wait to click long rest, I guess, but good.
Mike: No, no, no, yeah, you should wait, but… but… but the outcome is good.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Great. Good night, everybody.
Mike: Good night, everybody.
David S. Kong: Thanks, Mike.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Right, guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have a great night.